 advising   exploring Choosing a Major Advising  advising   exploring Choosing a Major Advising  advising   exploring Choosing a Major Advising  advising   exploring Choosing a Major Advising  advising   exploring Choosing a Major Advising  advising   exploring Choosing a Major Advising  advising   exploring Choosing a Major Advising  advising   exploring Choosing a Major Advising  advising   exploring Choosing a Major Advising  advising   exploring Choosing a Major Advising   Choosing a Major | Advising @ UNT Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Advising @ UNT Home Getting Started About Advising Building Your Degree Signing Up for Class Campus Resources Paying for College About Your GPA Dropping a Class Class Concierge Campus Resources Find My Advisor Plan My Class Schedule Calculate My GPA Choosing a Major   Majors @ UNT Choosing A Major About Your Degree Types of Degrees University Core UNT Requirements   Need more help? Home Need Help Choosing a Major?  The choice of a major and degree options can sometimes be overwhelming.  But, it can also be very exciting!  If you are undecided about your major and degree options you are in good company, as many UNT students feel the same way. What is a Major? Thinking of Adding a Minor or Certificate to Your Degree? The purpose of an undergraduate degree is to provide a broad base of skills that you can apply to a career.  Within your degree, you will narrow your focus to a specific field of study. What major, minor and/or certificate you choose to complete your degree requirements is YOUR DECISION that will take into consideration your interests, skills, values and abilities, and meet your personal and professional goals. It is important to understand that, just because you major in a specific area does not mean you will end up working in that field and visa versa. If you know what academic subjects interest you, you might want to make the decision of a major first. However, if you have a career direction or a professional goal, you can explore which major(s) will best prepare you for that field. How Do I Decide on My Major? How Should I Build My Degree Plan? There is no single proven approach to selecting a major. Choosing a major is a process of self-reflection and discovery. You must become actively involved in this decision making process. Here are some resources to help you review all your choices: Explore Your Options - learn what majors, careers are out there that meet your interests Learn about all of the UNT Majors and other degree options http://catalog.unt.edu/ Connect to one of the UNT Advising Offices to learn more about courses, majors and requirements What If I Choose the Wrong Major? Selecting one major does not mean that you have ruled out all the other choices. There are a variety of ways for you to combine interests. You could choose to minor in another discipline or select a double major or double degree. Other students get involved on campus, or find their passion in a new work experience. Focus your education on your personal interests, or on a specific educational or professional goal. How Can I Explore My Major & Career Interests? UNT Majors, Minors & Certificates: All the possible degree options at UNT in the online catalog. Or search the current UNT Catalog http://catalog.unt.edu/ UNT Career Center Picking a Major / What can I do with a major in... For Career Advising visit Chestnut Hall, Suite 103 http://careercenter.unt.edu/ 940.565.2105 Career Development Checklist and other resources from the UNT Career Center. UNT Mentor Match Database - Log-in to your MYUNT account and look for the Eagle Network logo to log-in to your Eagle Network account. Click the “Mentor Search” tab to search for UNT Alumni, and then click “Contact Mentor” to make a connection. Get Work Experience! Take Flight Job Shadow: Network with family, friends, professors and UNT staff to meet individuals actually employed in jobs you would like to have. Observe or “job shadow” for 1-5 days. http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/job-shadowing Internships: Get relevant experience in the field that you are studying in through the internship or co-op program: http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/internships-dev Research Occupation and Industry Information About Potential Careers: O*NET: Review skills, work environments, tasks, salary & education requirements for many occupations with O*NET Online.  http://www.onetonline.org/ My Next Move: Research what you want to do for a living by keywords, industry areas or by taking a quiz self-assessment. http://www.mynextmove.org/ My Plan Assessment: To ssess your skills, interests, personality and values. Directions [PDF]. Go to the MyPlan assessment and click on “Create Free Account” option. Fill out the required fields and enter the license code for UNT students: 7DA67TML What can I do with this major? Research “What can I do with this major?” From University of Tennessee or review MyPlan Majors What can I do with a major in…? or check CollegeBoard majors/career profiles UNT Counseling & Testing Services Further assessments and one-on-one counseling that includes vocational assessments such as the Strong of MBTI. Chestnut Hall, Suite 311  http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/counseling-testing-services    940-565-2741 Advising Offices College of Arts and Sciences  GAB 220 (940) 565-2051 College of Business BLB 110 (940) 565-2110 College of Education MATT 105 (940) 565-2736 College of Engineering Discovery Park, Suite A101  (940) 565-4201  College of Information Discovery Park, Suite C232 (940) 565-2445 College of Merchandising, Hospitality and Tourism CHIL 385 (940) 565-4635 College of Music CHIL 211 (940) 565-3860 College of Health and Public Service CHIL 289  (940) 565-4115  College of Visual Arts and Design ART 111 (940) 565-2216 Mayborn School of Journalism GAB 107  (940) 565-3365  Honors College SAGE 257  (940) 565-3305      Contact Us: UNT Senior Advisor Group 1155 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 USA Voice: 940-565-2000 http://advising.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. untadvising@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? urcm@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 8, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 