 cas   advising Undergraduate Advising College of Arts Sciences cas   advising Undergraduate Advising College of Arts Sciences cas   advising Undergraduate Advising College of Arts Sciences cas   advising Undergraduate Advising College of Arts Sciences cas   advising Undergraduate Advising College of Arts Sciences cas   advising Undergraduate Advising College of Arts Sciences cas   advising Undergraduate Advising College of Arts Sciences cas   advising Undergraduate Advising College of Arts Sciences cas   advising Undergraduate Advising College of Arts Sciences cas   advising Undergraduate Advising College of Arts Sciences  Undergraduate Advising | College of Arts & Sciences MyUNT Webmail Blackboard EagleConnect UNTranet Maps Giving to UNT Skip to content Home Academic Divisions Centers & Institutes Services People Advising Forms Alumni IT Donate The College of Arts & Sciences will become 2 new colleges in May 2017. This website may contain out of date information. Biology, Chemistry, Math, and Physics students should visit the College of Science. All other students should visit the College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences. Advising Advisor Contacts Core Requirements FAQ Integrative Studies and Social Science Programs Graduation Application GPA Calculations Health Professions Majors, Minors and Certificates Online Academic Resources Pre-Law Scholarships and Awards Transfer FAQs UNT's Academic Standards UNT » Colleges & Schools » CAS » Undergraduate Advising                         Mission of the Office of Student Advising: The office mission is to advise, teach, assist and empower students to define, clarify and achieve academic and personal goals through professional, caring service. Follow @UNTCASAdvising Find us on facebook! Get Advised Now! Call (940) 565-2051 to set up your academic advising appointment today. REMINDER: All first-time-in-college students as well as students who are on academic alert or probation are required to come in for advising prior to registration.   Graduate Student Travel Support Grants Travel Support Grants of up to $500 are available for academically successful graduate students to assist in conducting or presenting research. Student’s overall GPA must be 3.5 or above and have completed 18 hours at UNT to apply.  Preference will be given to students who have not received a previous award.  Only one award per student per academic year (September 1 – August 31).  The deadline for Summer applications has past, check back for information on Fall 2017 applications.  Contact Information U.S. Postal Address University of North Texas College of Arts and Sciences 1155 Union Circle #305189 Denton, TX 76203-5017 College of Arts & Sciences Dean's Office General Academic Bldg 210 Phone: (940) 565-2497 CAS Office of Student Advising General Academic Bldg 220 Phone: (940) 565-2051 Fax: (940) 565-4529 CAS Information Technology Services General Academic Bldg 313 Phone: (940) 565-4498 Contact Us For questions about the content on this website, contact us. Technical Problems For technical problems with this website, contact our web designer. University of North Texas System UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center College of Arts & Sciences at UNT CAS Home CAS Departments & Programs CAS Student Advising Site last updated on April 21, 2017. Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 