 journalism   undergraduate advising Undergraduate Advising School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate advising Undergraduate Advising School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate advising Undergraduate Advising School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate advising Undergraduate Advising School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate advising Undergraduate Advising School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate advising Undergraduate Advising School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate advising Undergraduate Advising School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate advising Undergraduate Advising School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate advising Undergraduate Advising School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate advising Undergraduate Advising School of Journalism  Undergraduate Advising | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students UndergraduateConcentrations Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate Student Media People Alumni About Us Undergraduate Concentrations Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn Undergraduate AdvisingPlanning your class schedule? Have questions about degree requirements or transfer credit? Schedule an appointment with the Office of Student Advising. Call: 940-565-3365 Drop by: General Academic Building, Room 107 Appointments available weekdays, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Faculty advisers are also available by appointment to assist in career and internship advising. Faculty members make their own appointments. Please call or e-mail the faculty members directly for possible advising times. Meet the Advisors Click here for a detailed list of all concentrations Course Changes Beginning Fall 2013 the Mayborn School of Journalism will be implementing a new curriculum. Incoming freshmen and transfer students will automatically follow this new curriculum. Current students may elect to follow these new requirements but will continue to follow their original curriculum requirements unless specifically requested. Along with a change in curriculum, students will notice a change in some course numbers. The chart below has been created to assist current students with the appropriate selection of courses for Fall 2013 and forward. The new course numbers will substitute for the corresponding courses on degree audits for those on any catalog prior to the change. Chart: Course changes Please consult with an academic advisor if there are any questions about course applicability. Major Guides All of our Transfer Guides including recommended courses you can take at your local community college can be found at the following link under “J” for Mayborn School of Journalism: http://registrar.unt.edu/transfer-guides. Advertising Recommended 4 Year Plan Degree Checklist Broadcast Journalism Recommended 4 Year Plan Degree Checklist Digital and Print Journalism Recommended 4 Year Plan Degree Checklist Photojournalism Recommended 4 Year Plan Degree Checklist Public Relations Recommended 4 Year Plan Degree Checklist Teacher Certification Teacher Certification Guide Recommended 4 Year Plan Minor Guide/Sports Certificate Journalism Minor Guide Sports Journalism Certification Guide Journalism Career Info News Careers Advertising Careers Public Relations Careers Degree Audits Each student should have an official degree audit prepared by the School of Journalism. To learn more about running a Degree Audit, visit the Office of the Registrar's website. Should be made upon completion of the pre-major requirements, typically by the end of the sophomore year. Transfer students should have degree audits prepared during their first term/semester at UNT. Please review and print a copy of your Interactive Degree Audit to bring with you to all advising sessions. Stay on track for graduation and prepare for advising appointments. Monitor your progress 24/7 and see how your courses could apply to other majors. Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 