 it   idea4it Submit your idea for IT today University Information Technology  it   idea4it Submit your idea for IT today University Information Technology  it   idea4it Submit your idea for IT today University Information Technology  it   idea4it Submit your idea for IT today University Information Technology  it   idea4it Submit your idea for IT today University Information Technology  it   idea4it Submit your idea for IT today University Information Technology  it   idea4it Submit your idea for IT today University Information Technology  it   idea4it Submit your idea for IT today University Information Technology  it   idea4it Submit your idea for IT today University Information Technology  it   idea4it Submit your idea for IT today University Information Technology   Submit your idea for IT today! | University Information Technology Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology Quick Links » UIT Help Desk IT Catalog of Services Lynda.com Login Adaptive Computer Lab Hardware, Software Info Tech Tour High-Performance Computing Services Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Research & Statistical Support Services Information Security IT Support by Department Report a Problem, Make a Request Wireless Networks at UNT Additional Top Links Research RSS Feed Page Search form Search University Information Technology MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University Information Technology Main menu Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology Submit your idea for IT today! Quick Links UIT Help Desk IT Catalog of Services Lynda.com Login Adaptive Computer Lab Hardware, Software Info Tech Tour High-Performance Computing Services Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Research & Statistical Support Services Information Security IT Support by Department Report a Problem, Make a Request Wireless Networks at UNT Additional Top Links Research RSS Feed Page About UIT Overview • UIT Phone Directory   • IT User Services    • Instructional IT Services    • Research IT Services   • Student Success Technology   • UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more! To participate, simply tell us three things and then submit your idea. Why you are submitting an information technology idea – what IT problem are you solving? How would your idea solve that problem? What features would your idea or app require to work? Submit your quick idea here. If you are ready to suggest an IT acquisition or development project, please create a formal proposal (login required). See previous submissions here. Questions? What is the IT Idea Center? The UNT IT Idea Center is a process by which information technology-centered ideas or projects can be proposed and developed for possible implementation as a formal project or targeted as an incubation project to explore emerging trends. Read more. Why should I submit an IT Idea? You can use the IT Idea Center if you have a suggestion for new Information Technology systems or software that will help the University fulfill its mission. Read more. What happens after I submit an idea? After an IT Idea is proposed, the Idea is forwarded to IT management who have related expertise or oversight for evaluation and recommendation. Read more. When can I expect to hear something about my IT Idea suggestion? You will immediately receive an email acknowledgment that your idea has been received. An IT staff member may contact you for additional explanation or clarification of your idea. Read more Who is responsible for the IT Idea Center? The IT Idea Center is a project of UNT's Information Technology Planning and Prioritization committee, ITPP. Read more. For more information, see the October 2016 issue of Benchmarks Online. Where do good ideas come from? View this video for information or inspiration about how innovative ideas are generated. Visit Us Sage Hall 1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 