 it   helpdesk alerts Alerts News and Information University Information Technology  it   helpdesk alerts Alerts News and Information University Information Technology  it   helpdesk alerts Alerts News and Information University Information Technology  it   helpdesk alerts Alerts News and Information University Information Technology  it   helpdesk alerts Alerts News and Information University Information Technology  it   helpdesk alerts Alerts News and Information University Information Technology  it   helpdesk alerts Alerts News and Information University Information Technology  it   helpdesk alerts Alerts News and Information University Information Technology  it   helpdesk alerts Alerts News and Information University Information Technology  it   helpdesk alerts Alerts News and Information University Information Technology   Alerts, News and Information | University Information Technology Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology Help Desk Menu » UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for Employees » Resources for Employees Resources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors Report an Issue » Report an Issue View Your IT Ticket Information Security – UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service Search form Search University Information Technology MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University Information Technology Main menu Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology Alerts, News and Information Help Desk Menu UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for EmployeesResources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors Report an Issue View Your IT Ticket Information Security – UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service LyndaCampus Playlist: Microsoft© Office 365: SharePoint, OneDrive, Outlook, Acrobat DC, Excel, PowerPoint and more • Recommended by University IT April 15, 2017Download McAfee® Antivirus for your Windows machine Feb. 15, 2017Access UNT's LyndaCampus with the iOS Mobile App  Dec. 15, 2016UNT Web Print Services Explained Oct. 19, 2016NOTE: Scheduled maintenance of Lynda.com will take place during the following period. During this maintenance window, you will be unable to access Lynda.com. Please be assured that we will do our best to minimize any downtime associated with this maintenance. We apologize for any inconvenience. Friday, Oct. 21, 11 p.m., CDT, through Saturday, Oct. 22, 4 a.m., CDT. Oct. 17, 2016Setting Inbox Rules in EagleConnect Email System Instructions for downloading and installing Install Microsoft® Office 365 on Desktop and MobileBenchmarks Online, University IT news journal, October issue Sept. 12, 2016Spam-filtering for Employees Sept. 1, 2016UNT Adopts LyndaCampus for Students, Faculty and Staff Aug. 15, 2016Benchmarks Online, University IT news journal, August issue Help Desk FYI: Installing Cisco AnyConnect VPN Client June 20, 2016The Mainframe, Apple©-authorized store at UNT, Offers Discounts Visit Us Sage Hall 1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 