 studentaffairs   career and leadership Career and Leadership Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   career and leadership Career and Leadership Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   career and leadership Career and Leadership Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   career and leadership Career and Leadership Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   career and leadership Career and Leadership Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   career and leadership Career and Leadership Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   career and leadership Career and Leadership Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   career and leadership Career and Leadership Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   career and leadership Career and Leadership Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   career and leadership Career and Leadership Division of Student Affairs  Career and Leadership | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home DSA Main Nav » Home I am a » I am a New Student Parent & Family Current Student Precollege Career and Leadership » Career and Leadership Career Leadership Be Well » Be Well Medical Services Counseling Spirituality Veterans ODA Services Speak Out UNT Student Resources Recreation Get Involved » Get Involved Volunteer Student Orgs Activities Greek Life Off-Campus Students Non-Traditional Students Student Alumni Association Rec Sports UNT Sustainability Events » Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Series Get Support » Get Support Student Legal Money Seeking Options and Solutions Off-Campus Student Services Safety & Compliance » Safety & Compliance CARE Team Sexual Misconduct Complaints Policies Safety Conduct The Division » The Division Leadership Assessment Newsletter Staff Marketing & Communications Buildings & Locations Contact Log In Departments Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs DSA Main Nav Home I am aNew Student Parent & Family Current Student Precollege Career and LeadershipCareer Leadership Be WellMedical Services Counseling Spirituality Veterans ODA Services Speak Out UNT Student Resources Recreation Get InvolvedVolunteer Student Orgs Activities Greek Life Off-Campus Students Non-Traditional Students Student Alumni Association Rec Sports UNT Sustainability EventsUpcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Series Get SupportStudent Legal Money Seeking Options and Solutions Off-Campus Student Services Safety & ComplianceCARE Team Sexual Misconduct Complaints Policies Safety Conduct The DivisionLeadership Assessment Newsletter Staff Marketing & Communications Buildings & Locations Contact Log In Departments Career and Leadership Career Alumni Alumni (Career Center) By: Career Center Career/Vocational Counseling While choosing a career is an ongoing and complicated process, it can be made much more manageable with... By: Counseling and Testing Services Eagle Careers Eagle Careers is a referral services for students. The Career Center provides connections with on- and off-... By: Career Center Employers Connecting with Career Center The UNT Career Center offers employers access to thousands of qualified candidates who are ready to assume... By: Career Center Explore Majors and Careers Explore Majors and Careers By: Career Center Free Business Cards Free Business Cards. By: Career Center Internships UNT’s Internship Program exists to assist students in obtaining high-quality internships prior to graduation... By: Career Center My Plan A computer based test that helps students make well-informed decisions about their careers. By: Career Center National Student Employment Week By: Career Center North Texas in D.C. (NTDC) The North Texas in DC Internship Program was established in 2003 by the Vice President for Student Affairs,... Professional Picture Day Be sure a potential employer sees you at your best! Come dressed professionally and get a FREE digital... By: Student Activities Center Student Employment Trainings Student Employment Trainings. By: Career Center Take Flight Take Flight is a 1-5 day job shadowing program that provides students with the opportunity to visit companies... By: Career Center Training Program A valued activity at CTS is supervising and training student clinicians, as they develop and refine clinical... By: Counseling and Testing Services Leadership Emerging Leaders Series Are you a first or second year student? Do you want to develop your leadership skills and get connected to... By: Center for Leadership and Service Greek Emerging Leaders Greek Emerging Leaders is designed for members of the Greek community at the University of North Texas who... By: Greek Life LeaderShape The LeaderShape Institute at UNT is open to freshmen, sophomores, juniors, non-graduating seniors and... By: Center for Leadership and Service Leadership Studies Certificate Do you want to develop your skills as a leader? Participate in Leadership Courses, open to students from any... By: Center for Leadership and Service Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 