 studentaffairs   be well Be Well Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   be well Be Well Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   be well Be Well Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   be well Be Well Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   be well Be Well Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   be well Be Well Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   be well Be Well Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   be well Be Well Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   be well Be Well Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   be well Be Well Division of Student Affairs  Be Well | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home DSA Main Nav » Home I am a » I am a New Student Parent & Family Current Student Precollege Career and Leadership » Career and Leadership Career Leadership Be Well » Be Well Medical Services Counseling Spirituality Veterans ODA Services Speak Out UNT Student Resources Recreation Get Involved » Get Involved Volunteer Student Orgs Activities Greek Life Off-Campus Students Non-Traditional Students Student Alumni Association Rec Sports UNT Sustainability Events » Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Series Get Support » Get Support Student Legal Money Seeking Options and Solutions Off-Campus Student Services Safety & Compliance » Safety & Compliance CARE Team Sexual Misconduct Complaints Policies Safety Conduct The Division » The Division Leadership Assessment Newsletter Staff Marketing & Communications Buildings & Locations Contact Log In Departments Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs DSA Main Nav Home I am aNew Student Parent & Family Current Student Precollege Career and LeadershipCareer Leadership Be WellMedical Services Counseling Spirituality Veterans ODA Services Speak Out UNT Student Resources Recreation Get InvolvedVolunteer Student Orgs Activities Greek Life Off-Campus Students Non-Traditional Students Student Alumni Association Rec Sports UNT Sustainability EventsUpcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Series Get SupportStudent Legal Money Seeking Options and Solutions Off-Campus Student Services Safety & ComplianceCARE Team Sexual Misconduct Complaints Policies Safety Conduct The DivisionLeadership Assessment Newsletter Staff Marketing & Communications Buildings & Locations Contact Log In Departments Be Well Medical Services ADD/ ADHD The Student Health and Wellness Center (SHWC) provides only medication management for students with Attention... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Allergy Injections The SHWC can give regular allergy injections to UNT students. The SHWC does not do allergy testing. You must... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Body Image & Eating Awareness Team The Body Image & Eating Awareness Team is a collaborative multidisciplinary team of caring fitness,... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Departmental First Aid Supplies The UNT Student Health and Wellness Center (SHWC) offers first aid supplies for sale to UNT departments, as... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Dietitian Whether you want to learn how to improve your eating habits or need help with a nutrition-related health... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Health Education Programming The Meadows Center for Health Resources provides more than just one-on-one services. Student groups,... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Laboratory The Student Health and Wellness Center operates a full-service clinical laboratory which provides... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Massage Therapy Services Affordable massage therapy services to faculty, staff and students. By: Student Health and Wellness Center Meadows Center for Health Resources The Meadows Center for Health Resources is the health education office of the Student Health and Wellness... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Mean Green Screen By: Student Health and Wellness Center Men's Health Men's heath. By: Student Health and Wellness Center Optometry College Optical Express at UNT is a full service optical office located on campus at The University of North... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Performing Arts Medicine As a performing artist, you recognize that when it comes to health, your needs can be unique. By: Student Health and Wellness Center Pharmacy The Student Health and Wellness Center Pharmacy is a non-profit, state owned and fully licensed pharmacy.... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Psychiatry We are currently in transition with our psychiatric services and will have limited availability of... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Radiology The Radiology department provides basic radiographic examinations and diagnostic x-rays with a Student Health... By: Student Health and Wellness Center The Conversation: Peer Health Educators The Meadows Center for Health Resources sponsors the Conversation, a peer health education student... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Transgender Health Here at the UNT Student Health and Wellness Center we believe every student has the right to be treated in a... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Travel Medicine The SHWC provides appointments for students traveling abroad for a UNT trip or personal travel. To schedule... By: Student Health and Wellness Center UNT Dental Office Proudly offering full-service dentistry to the UNT community By: Student Health and Wellness Center Walk-In STD Testing The Student Health and Wellness Center is happy to announce that we are now providing walk-in testing... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Women's Health Complete care for women. By: Student Health and Wellness Center Counseling Animal-Assisted Therapy Come to CTS to visit with Buddy, Dakota, Willow, and Rockstar, our four therapy dogs! By: Counseling and Testing Services Outreach Programming Outreach Programming. By: Counseling and Testing Services Therapist Assisted Online Counseling TAO (Therapist Assisted Online Counseling) is an innovative way to visit with your therapist, access tools... By: Counseling and Testing Services Spirituality Common Ground Common Ground is a weekly meeting for students who are interested in building interfaith relationships,... Donuts & Dialogue At Donuts & Dialogue, students are invited to consider and explore some of life's big questions over... Student Resources DAET Drug and Alcohol Education Taskforce educates regarding use of drugs and alcohol. By: SARC (Substance Abuse Resource Center) Self Assessment If you or someone you know is having a problem with drugs or alcohol, please contact us and we will help you... By: SARC (Substance Abuse Resource Center) Seminars The UNT Substance Abuse Resource Center would be happy to help your organization or department with their... By: SARC (Substance Abuse Resource Center) ThinkDrink The University of North Texas has partnered with Campus Outreach Online to address critical life skills... By: SARC (Substance Abuse Resource Center) Veterans Psychological Services for Active Military and Veterans Individual counseling and drop-in group therapy sessions for military-affiliated students. By: Student Veteran Services Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 