s speakout   We are here for you Speak Out s speakout   We are here for you Speak Out s speakout   We are here for you Speak Out s speakout   We are here for you Speak Out s speakout   We are here for you Speak Out s speakout   We are here for you Speak Out s speakout   We are here for you Speak Out s speakout   We are here for you Speak Out s speakout   We are here for you Speak Out s speakout   We are here for you Speak Out   We are here for you | Speak Out UNT Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » The Campaign Mental Health Resources Mental Health Taskforce Knowing When To Get Help Calendar of Events What is Wellness? FAQ Speak Out UNT MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Speak Out UNT Main menu The Campaign Mental Health Resources Mental Health Taskforce Knowing When To Get Help Calendar of Events What is Wellness? FAQ We are here for you Getting help starts with speaking out We exist as a university to give students the best educational experience. At UNT, this includes ensuring students’ educational and emotional needs are met. We believe it’s important that every student feels they have the support and resources they need to succeed in academics and in life. If you are a student facing emotional challenges – whether it’s dealing with the stress of final exams or a personal crisis – we want you to know that support is here and it’s OK to seek help. The same is true for faculty and staff members. If you are experiencing difficulties that affect your work performance and personal lives, we want you to reach out and get the support you need. Our focus is to get you back to maintaining a healthy, balanced lifestyle. And because you are on the front lines serving students, we want faculty and staff members to be on alert for students in distress. If you are dealing with mental health issues, such as depression and suicide, you are not alone. We’re here to help. Talk about it and find support through these resources. About Speak Out UNT Speak Out UNT is the university’s mental health awareness campaign aimed at getting the UNT community involved in the national fight to remove the stigma that surrounds mental illness and suicide. We also want to remind people about the mental health resources available at UNT and in the Denton community. Speak Out UNT means if you’re in need, reach out and tell someone who can help you. If you know of someone in need, become their advocate and help get them the support they need. With your help, Speak Out UNT will: Reduce the stigma regarding mental health issues Normalize help-seeking behaviors and self-care Educate the campus community on how to identify students and co-workers who are in distress Connect those in need with available resources so they can get help early and often Watch UNT President Neal Smatresk’s message on mental health awareness and resources. Suicide Prevention Video Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg 1501 Chestnut Street, Suite 207 Denton, Texas 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-4909 Site last updated on April 14, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on April 14, 2017 | Important Links 