 studentaffairs   get involved Get Involved Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved Get Involved Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved Get Involved Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved Get Involved Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved Get Involved Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved Get Involved Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved Get Involved Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved Get Involved Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved Get Involved Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved Get Involved Division of Student Affairs  Get Involved | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home DSA Main Nav » Home I am a » I am a New Student Parent & Family Current Student Precollege Career and Leadership » Career and Leadership Career Leadership Be Well » Be Well Medical Services Counseling Spirituality Veterans ODA Services Speak Out UNT Student Resources Recreation Get Involved » Get Involved Volunteer Student Orgs Activities Greek Life Off-Campus Students Non-Traditional Students Student Alumni Association Rec Sports UNT Sustainability Events » Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Series Get Support » Get Support Student Legal Money Seeking Options and Solutions Off-Campus Student Services Safety & Compliance » Safety & Compliance CARE Team Sexual Misconduct Complaints Policies Safety Conduct The Division » The Division Leadership Assessment Newsletter Staff Marketing & Communications Buildings & Locations Contact Log In Departments Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs DSA Main Nav Home I am aNew Student Parent & Family Current Student Precollege Career and LeadershipCareer Leadership Be WellMedical Services Counseling Spirituality Veterans ODA Services Speak Out UNT Student Resources Recreation Get InvolvedVolunteer Student Orgs Activities Greek Life Off-Campus Students Non-Traditional Students Student Alumni Association Rec Sports UNT Sustainability EventsUpcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Series Get SupportStudent Legal Money Seeking Options and Solutions Off-Campus Student Services Safety & ComplianceCARE Team Sexual Misconduct Complaints Policies Safety Conduct The DivisionLeadership Assessment Newsletter Staff Marketing & Communications Buildings & Locations Contact Log In Departments Get Involved   Volunteer Adopt-A-Block The Adopt-a-Block program gives students, faculty, and staff the opportunity to participate in creating a... By: Center for Leadership and Service Alternative Service Breaks The mission of the University of North Texas' Alternative Breaks Program is to raise awareness of social... By: Center for Leadership and Service Be the Match Join more than 8,000 students, faculty and staff who have registered with the Be the Match Registry® (the... By: Center for Leadership and Service Big Event: Make a Difference Day On Saturday, October 22,2016, the University of North Texas is celebrating a day of service through Make a... By: Center for Leadership and Service Big Event: The Big Event The Big Event is a nationally recognized day of service celebrated by the UNT community on Saturday, March 25... By: Center for Leadership and Service Community Engagement Graduation Cord Congratulations! You're nearly there. After all of the fantastic work you have done for the University... By: Center for Leadership and Service Mentor Denton Did you have a mentor in your life that made a difference for you? This is your chance to make a difference... By: Center for Leadership and Service UNT SERVES! REAL Community UNT SERVES! is a REAL Community for 51 students in Kerr Hall. It is supported by the College of Public... By: Center for Leadership and Service Volunteer and Non-Profit Fairs This year, the Center for Leadership & Service is partnering with the Career Center to combine a... By: Center for Leadership and Service Student Orgs All for NT/NT for All All for NT/NT for All is a one day conference focused on introducing student leaders to new topics to enhance... By: Center for Leadership and Service Eagle Awards Every year, Student Activities coordinates the nomination and selection of a number of awards that recognize... By: Student Activities Center IMPACT Student Boards The Center for Leadership & Service is a great place to get involved as a student leader. Students gain... By: Center for Leadership and Service Student Organization Leader Development (SOLD) Workshops Looking for an opportunity to take your Student Organization to the next level? Attend Student Organization... Student Organizations One of the goals of Student Activities is to help students make connections on campus and maximize their... By: Student Activities Center Activities Back to School Bash Each January we hold this event to welcome new students for the semester and invite them to get involved in... By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Eagle Refuge At the end of each semester we host our own version of this event to help students de-stress and prepare for... By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park EarthFest EarthFest is a sustainable event celebrating international Earth Day. This year’s event will have live... By: Student Activities Center Entertainment Participate in our weekly entertainment events and meet your fellow students. By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Geek Week Every September we host a week-long series of events to welcome new engineering students to UNT. By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Homecoming 2016 Homecoming will be held from October 31 - November 5 with the Football game on 11/5 vs. Louisiana Tech! By: Student Activities Center Homecoming Week at DP Come join us celebrate our Homecoming! Go Mean Green! By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Involvement Advising Want to get involved on campus but don't know where to start? The UNT Campus Life Ambassadors can help. By: Student Activities Center Mean Green Fling Mean Green Fling is the event that kicks off the start of the school year! By: Student Activities Center Mean Green Spring Fling Mean Green Spring Fling is an opportunity for all interested students to stop by and learn more about how to... By: Student Activities Center Movies at DP Relax and enjoy our movie showings of blockbuster movies. By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park National Engineers Week Every February we host a week-long series of events to celebrate and educate others about the field of... By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Quiz Bowl By: Student Activities Center Spirit Groups Student Activities works closely with the North Texas Cheerleaders, North Texas Dancers, and Scrappy to help... By: Student Activities Center Union Fest Every Spring, we celebrate Union Fest: a day packed full of freebies, fun activities, and food. It's a... By: University Union University Day University Day, first held May 10, 1961, marks the day North Texas State College became North Texas State... By: Student Activities Center Off-Campus Students Building Blocks Off-Campus Student Services is proud to host a series of presentations for UNT Faculty/Staff/Students with... By: Student Activities Center Commuter Week Commuter Week, is a full week of programming just for Commuter Students. During this week you can find events... By: Student Activities Center Off-Campus Connection Off-Campus Student Services partners with students who live off-campus to support the creation of a community... By: Student Activities Center Off-Campus Student Services Off-Campus Student Services, part of Student Activities, serves as a liaison between students and departments... By: Student Activities Center Non-Traditional Students Coffee & Convos The purpose of this program is to grant Non-Traditional & Graduate students the opportunity to engage... By: Student Activities Center Family Fun Night The purpose of this event is to highlight non-traditional students, expose them to available on-campus... By: Student Activities Center Family Movie Night The purpose of this event is to highlight non-traditional students, allow their family to see the university... By: Student Activities Center Non-Trad Week Non-Traditional Student Week, is a full week of programming just for Non-Traditional Students and their... By: Student Activities Center Greek Life Councils and Chapters Joining a fraternity or sorority is about so much more than simply making friends. At UNT, our chapters are... By: Greek Life Greek Community Board The Greek Community Board is a student run programming body uniting the Greek community at UNT. The board’s... By: Greek Life Greek Life Center Pavers Order a paver. By: Greek Life Greek Presidents Retreat Each January the Greek Life staff takes the chapter and council presidents for a weekend of planning and goal... By: Greek Life Greek Preview Day Each Spring we hold our annual Greek Preview Day, an all-day program which provides an opportunity for UNT’s... By: Greek Life Greek Week In the spring semester, the Greek Programming Board organizes Greek Week. During this week, Greek community... By: Greek Life Greek Ambassadors The Greek Ambassador program is necessary to more adequately promote the true purpose of fraternity and... By: Greek Life Greek Awards The Greek Awards Ceremony is an annual tradition held to commemorate and honor excellence in performance,... By: Greek Life Greek Emerging Leaders Held in the Fall and Spring semesters, the Greek Emerging Leaders class is geared towards any member of the... By: Greek Life Order of Omega The Order of Omega was founded at the University of Miami in the fall of 1959. Since that time, more than 260... By: Greek Life Panhellenic Recruitment Team The Panhellenic Recruitment Team are comprised of Rho Gammas and the Logistics Team. Rho Gammas are... By: Greek Life Rho Lambda Rho Lambda, the National Sorority Leadership Recognition Society, was founded at the University of Miami as a... By: Greek Life Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 