 studentaffairs   get involved voleer Voleer Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved voleer Voleer Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved voleer Voleer Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved voleer Voleer Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved voleer Voleer Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved voleer Voleer Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved voleer Voleer Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved voleer Voleer Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved voleer Voleer Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved voleer Voleer Division of Student Affairs  Volunteer | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home DSA Main Nav » Home I am a » I am a New Student Parent & Family Current Student Precollege Career and Leadership » Career and Leadership Career Leadership Be Well » Be Well Medical Services Counseling Spirituality Veterans ODA Services Speak Out UNT Student Resources Recreation Get Involved » Get Involved Volunteer Student Orgs Activities Greek Life Off-Campus Students Non-Traditional Students Student Alumni Association Rec Sports UNT Sustainability Events » Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Series Get Support » Get Support Student Legal Money Seeking Options and Solutions Off-Campus Student Services Safety & Compliance » Safety & Compliance CARE Team Sexual Misconduct Complaints Policies Safety Conduct The Division » The Division Leadership Assessment Newsletter Staff Marketing & Communications Buildings & Locations Contact Log In Departments Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs DSA Main Nav Home I am aNew Student Parent & Family Current Student Precollege Career and LeadershipCareer Leadership Be WellMedical Services Counseling Spirituality Veterans ODA Services Speak Out UNT Student Resources Recreation Get InvolvedVolunteer Student Orgs Activities Greek Life Off-Campus Students Non-Traditional Students Student Alumni Association Rec Sports UNT Sustainability EventsUpcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Series Get SupportStudent Legal Money Seeking Options and Solutions Off-Campus Student Services Safety & ComplianceCARE Team Sexual Misconduct Complaints Policies Safety Conduct The DivisionLeadership Assessment Newsletter Staff Marketing & Communications Buildings & Locations Contact Log In Departments Get Involved Volunteer Adopt-A-Block The Adopt-a-Block program gives students, faculty, and staff the opportunity to participate in creating a... By: Center for Leadership and Service Alternative Service Breaks The mission of the University of North Texas' Alternative Breaks Program is to raise awareness of social... By: Center for Leadership and Service Be the Match Join more than 8,000 students, faculty and staff who have registered with the Be the Match Registry® (the... By: Center for Leadership and Service Big Event: Make a Difference Day On Saturday, October 22,2016, the University of North Texas is celebrating a day of service through Make a... By: Center for Leadership and Service Big Event: The Big Event The Big Event is a nationally recognized day of service celebrated by the UNT community on Saturday, March 25... By: Center for Leadership and Service Community Engagement Graduation Cord Congratulations! You're nearly there. After all of the fantastic work you have done for the University... By: Center for Leadership and Service Mentor Denton Did you have a mentor in your life that made a difference for you? This is your chance to make a difference... By: Center for Leadership and Service UNT SERVES! REAL Community UNT SERVES! is a REAL Community for 51 students in Kerr Hall. It is supported by the College of Public... By: Center for Leadership and Service Volunteer and Non-Profit Fairs This year, the Center for Leadership & Service is partnering with the Career Center to combine a... By: Center for Leadership and Service Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 