 studentaffairs   get involved activities Activities Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved activities Activities Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved activities Activities Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved activities Activities Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved activities Activities Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved activities Activities Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved activities Activities Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved activities Activities Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved activities Activities Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved activities Activities Division of Student Affairs  Activities | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home DSA Main Nav » Home I am a » I am a New Student Parent & Family Current Student Precollege Career and Leadership » Career and Leadership Career Leadership Be Well » Be Well Medical Services Counseling Spirituality Veterans ODA Services Speak Out UNT Student Resources Recreation Get Involved » Get Involved Volunteer Student Orgs Activities Greek Life Off-Campus Students Non-Traditional Students Student Alumni Association Rec Sports UNT Sustainability Events » Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Series Get Support » Get Support Student Legal Money Seeking Options and Solutions Off-Campus Student Services Safety & Compliance » Safety & Compliance CARE Team Sexual Misconduct Complaints Policies Safety Conduct The Division » The Division Leadership Assessment Newsletter Staff Marketing & Communications Buildings & Locations Contact Log In Departments Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs DSA Main Nav Home I am aNew Student Parent & Family Current Student Precollege Career and LeadershipCareer Leadership Be WellMedical Services Counseling Spirituality Veterans ODA Services Speak Out UNT Student Resources Recreation Get InvolvedVolunteer Student Orgs Activities Greek Life Off-Campus Students Non-Traditional Students Student Alumni Association Rec Sports UNT Sustainability EventsUpcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Series Get SupportStudent Legal Money Seeking Options and Solutions Off-Campus Student Services Safety & ComplianceCARE Team Sexual Misconduct Complaints Policies Safety Conduct The DivisionLeadership Assessment Newsletter Staff Marketing & Communications Buildings & Locations Contact Log In Departments Get Involved Activities Back to School Bash Each January we hold this event to welcome new students for the semester and invite them to get involved in... By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Eagle Refuge At the end of each semester we host our own version of this event to help students de-stress and prepare for... By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park EarthFest EarthFest is a sustainable event celebrating international Earth Day. This year’s event will have live... By: Student Activities Center Entertainment Participate in our weekly entertainment events and meet your fellow students. By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Geek Week Every September we host a week-long series of events to welcome new engineering students to UNT. By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Homecoming 2016 Homecoming will be held from October 31 - November 5 with the Football game on 11/5 vs. Louisiana Tech! By: Student Activities Center Homecoming Week at DP Come join us celebrate our Homecoming! Go Mean Green! By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Involvement Advising Want to get involved on campus but don't know where to start? The UNT Campus Life Ambassadors can help. By: Student Activities Center Mean Green Fling Mean Green Fling is the event that kicks off the start of the school year! By: Student Activities Center Mean Green Spring Fling Mean Green Spring Fling is an opportunity for all interested students to stop by and learn more about how to... By: Student Activities Center Movies at DP Relax and enjoy our movie showings of blockbuster movies. By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park National Engineers Week Every February we host a week-long series of events to celebrate and educate others about the field of... By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Quiz Bowl By: Student Activities Center Spirit Groups Student Activities works closely with the North Texas Cheerleaders, North Texas Dancers, and Scrappy to help... By: Student Activities Center Union Fest Every Spring, we celebrate Union Fest: a day packed full of freebies, fun activities, and food. It's a... By: University Union University Day University Day, first held May 10, 1961, marks the day North Texas State College became North Texas State... By: Student Activities Center Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 