 studentaffairs   get involved greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   get involved greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs  Greek Life | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home DSA Main Nav » Home I am a » I am a New Student Parent & Family Current Student Precollege Career and Leadership » Career and Leadership Career Leadership Be Well » Be Well Medical Services Counseling Spirituality Veterans ODA Services Speak Out UNT Student Resources Recreation Get Involved » Get Involved Volunteer Student Orgs Activities Greek Life Off-Campus Students Non-Traditional Students Student Alumni Association Rec Sports UNT Sustainability Events » Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Series Get Support » Get Support Student Legal Money Seeking Options and Solutions Off-Campus Student Services Safety & Compliance » Safety & Compliance CARE Team Sexual Misconduct Complaints Policies Safety Conduct The Division » The Division Leadership Assessment Newsletter Staff Marketing & Communications Buildings & Locations Contact Log In Departments Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs DSA Main Nav Home I am aNew Student Parent & Family Current Student Precollege Career and LeadershipCareer Leadership Be WellMedical Services Counseling Spirituality Veterans ODA Services Speak Out UNT Student Resources Recreation Get InvolvedVolunteer Student Orgs Activities Greek Life Off-Campus Students Non-Traditional Students Student Alumni Association Rec Sports UNT Sustainability EventsUpcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Series Get SupportStudent Legal Money Seeking Options and Solutions Off-Campus Student Services Safety & ComplianceCARE Team Sexual Misconduct Complaints Policies Safety Conduct The DivisionLeadership Assessment Newsletter Staff Marketing & Communications Buildings & Locations Contact Log In Departments Get Involved Greek Life Councils and Chapters Joining a fraternity or sorority is about so much more than simply making friends. At UNT, our chapters are... By: Greek Life Greek Community Board The Greek Community Board is a student run programming body uniting the Greek community at UNT. The board’s... By: Greek Life Greek Life Center Pavers Order a paver. By: Greek Life Greek Presidents Retreat Each January the Greek Life staff takes the chapter and council presidents for a weekend of planning and goal... By: Greek Life Greek Preview Day Each Spring we hold our annual Greek Preview Day, an all-day program which provides an opportunity for UNT’s... By: Greek Life Greek Week In the spring semester, the Greek Programming Board organizes Greek Week. During this week, Greek community... By: Greek Life Greek Ambassadors The Greek Ambassador program is necessary to more adequately promote the true purpose of fraternity and... By: Greek Life Greek Awards The Greek Awards Ceremony is an annual tradition held to commemorate and honor excellence in performance,... By: Greek Life Greek Emerging Leaders Held in the Fall and Spring semesters, the Greek Emerging Leaders class is geared towards any member of the... By: Greek Life Order of Omega The Order of Omega was founded at the University of Miami in the fall of 1959. Since that time, more than 260... By: Greek Life Panhellenic Recruitment Team The Panhellenic Recruitment Team are comprised of Rho Gammas and the Logistics Team. Rho Gammas are... By: Greek Life Rho Lambda Rho Lambda, the National Sorority Leadership Recognition Society, was founded at the University of Miami as a... By: Greek Life Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 