s recsports   about About Us Recreational Sportss recsports   about About Us Recreational Sportss recsports   about About Us Recreational Sportss recsports   about About Us Recreational Sportss recsports   about About Us Recreational Sportss recsports   about About Us Recreational Sportss recsports   about About Us Recreational Sportss recsports   about About Us Recreational Sportss recsports   about About Us Recreational Sportss recsports   about About Us Recreational Sports  About Us | Recreational Sports Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About Us » About Us History Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us Join » Join Types of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions Aquatics » Aquatics Lifeguard Program Kids Learn to Swim Adult Swim Lessons Informal Rec » Informal Rec Facility Policies Facilities & Reservations Fitness » Fitness Discovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events Intramurals » Intramurals Schedules Intramural Handbook Event Calendar and Officiating Outdoor Pursuits » Outdoor Pursuits Adventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics Sport Clubs » Sport Clubs Starting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates Resources DSA Home Search form Search Recreational Sports MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Recreational Sports Main menu Home About UsHistory Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us JoinTypes of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions AquaticsAdult Swim Lessons Kids Learn to Swim Lifeguard Program Informal RecFacilities & Reservations Facility Policies FitnessDiscovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events IntramuralsEvent Calendar and Officiating Intramural Handbook Schedules Outdoor PursuitsAdventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics Sport ClubsStarting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates Resources DSA Home About Us WHO WE ARE Recreational Sports is located in the state-of-the-art 138,000 square-foot Pohl Recreation Center, and offers an incredible array of programs and experiences that promote and support the recreation and fitness needs of the UNT community. Along with special events like Movie Under the Stars and Rec Extravaganza, Rec Sports has six different departments to help keep our students, faculty, and staff happy, healthy, and active. Read more about our departments below. FITNESS The fitness program offers fitness assessments, personal training, RMR testing, body composition testing and other classes. The group exercise program offers students exciting, instructor-led aerobic activities like cycle, kickboxing, Pilates, yoga, Zumba and others. The Fitness staff also oversee the 14,500 square foot weight room and a variety of cardio machines including treadmills, ellipticals, and stationary bikes.  INTRAMURAL SPORTS UNT students versus UNT students! Any student who pays the recreation fee may participate in intramurals through one of three divisions that have men's, women's and co-recreational teams: Residence Hall, Greek or Independent. Team sports are arranged on a round-robin basis, and individual and dual sports are set up by elimination tournaments, meets and special events. Major sports include flag football, outdoor soccer, basketball, softball, volleyball, and indoor soccer while individual events can include racquetball, tennis, PS4, Texas Hold ‘Em, and dodgeball.  OUTDOOR PURSUITS The Outdoor Pursuits program offers a 45-foot indoor climbing wall, 10-foot bouldering wall, rental of outdoor equipment like tents, sleeping bags, coolers, stoves, canoes and kayaks. Outdoor Pursuits also oversees an adventure trip program that takes members out on day, weekend, and even extended trips within Texas and beyond. Free clinics are also offered throughout the year that give instruction on various topics like stargazing, survival, and kayak roll.  SPORT CLUBS The sport club program provides an opportunity for UNT students to compete against other colleges and universities in the Texas region. The clubs include archery, baseball, bowling, climbing, cycling, disc golf, dodgeball, equestrian, fencing, ice hockey, in-line hockey, men's lacrosse, men's rugby, men's soccer, men's ultimate, men's volleyball, men’s wrestling, paintball, powerlifting, running, sailing, swimming, table tennis, tennis, triathlon, wakeboard, women's lacrosse, women’s rugby, women's soccer, women's ultimate, women's volleyball, and women’s wrestling.  AQUATICS The Rec Center has both a lap and leisure pool, including a 29 person hot tub. The aquatics program offers instructional classes such as Learn to Swim, private swim lessons, and lifeguard certification courses. The Aquatics program hosts special events like the Dive-In Movie, Recathon, Intramural Battleship and Outdoor Pursuits Kayaking clinics.  INFORMAL RECREATION Informal recreation offers drop-in activity in basketball, indoor soccer, racquetball, swimming, badminton, volleyball and more, and can check out equipment to you at no charge. Informal Recreation also oversees the Waranch Tennis Complex which offers 12 lighted tennis courts and equipment checkout.  WORK WHERE YOU PLAY Recreational Sports is one of the largest employers of students on the UNT campus. Rec Sports offers a wide range of job opportunities for students throughout the six program areas including membership services, weight room, personal training, group exercise instruction, lifeguarding, outdoor pursuits, or officiating their favorite intramural sports. Apply online through the UNT Career Center or stop by the Rec Center and talk with us. WHAT WE'RE ABOUT MISSION STATEMENT We strive to provide the kind of recreational experiences that not only support the wellness of the UNT community, but inspire it. CORE VALUES We believe these core values define who we are. Referencing this guide in everything we do maps our path to providing exceptional experiences for staff and patrons and keeps us accountable to our fundamental values. Walk it. Talk it. Live it. WELLNESS Mind, Body, and SpiritDo my interactions promote well-being? DEVELOPMENT Growth and OpportunityAm I a catalyst for progress and change? SERVICE Powerful, Personal, and PurposefulCan I proudly stand behind the service I am providing? SUCCESS Inspire, Believe, and AchieveAm I a champion to our success? BELONGING Community and FamiliyHow am I fostering a sense of home? CARE Ownership, Integrity, and PrideIs my passion unmistakable? CONTACT US Recreational Sports Pohl Recreation Center 1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203 Email: recsports@unt.edu Phone: (940) 565-2275 Fax: (940) 565-4569 Member Services Desk: (940) 369-8347 24-Hour Information Line: (940) 369-7100 Office hours: Monday-Friday, 8am-5pm Facility hours: Hours of Operation   You can always stop by the office for any questions that you might have. Pohl Rec Center, a NIRSA Outstanding Sports Facility, was highlighted in Recreation Management magazine's Innovative Architecture and Design. Employment Rec Center Employees Recreational Sports employs individuals as graduate assistants, supervisors, game officials, court monitors, lifeguards, aerobic instructors and student secretaries in many of the activities offered. Individuals with experience and/or major in Recreation are especially encouraged to apply, although training will be provided for those less experienced individuals. The pay scale varies according to experience and length of service with the office. Persons interested in any of these positions should contact the Recreational Sports Office at 940-565-2275. To apply for any open positions, contact the Career Center. UNT is an equal opportunity employer. The Rec Sports office is located in the Pohl Recreation Center. The office is open Monday through Friday from 8am-5pm. To contact Recreational Sports call 940-565-2275. About Us History Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us Employment   Visit Us Pohl Recreation Center 1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203 Mail Us 1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203 Contact Us 940-565-2275 recsports@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 