s deanofstudents   sexual misconduct Sexual Misconduct Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   sexual misconduct Sexual Misconduct Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   sexual misconduct Sexual Misconduct Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   sexual misconduct Sexual Misconduct Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   sexual misconduct Sexual Misconduct Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   sexual misconduct Sexual Misconduct Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   sexual misconduct Sexual Misconduct Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   sexual misconduct Sexual Misconduct Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   sexual misconduct Sexual Misconduct Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   sexual misconduct Sexual Misconduct Dean of Students  Sexual Misconduct | Dean of Students Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About Us » About Us Staff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies Resources » Resources CARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual Misconduct » Sexual Misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Safety » Safety Missing Resident Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Drug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Fallen Eagles Conduct » Conduct Alcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQ » FAQ Students Parents DSA Home Search form Search Dean of Students MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Division of Student Affairs Dean of Students Main menu Home About UsStaff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies ResourcesCARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual MisconductReporting Sexual Misconduct SafetyDrug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Missing Resident Fallen Eagles ConductAlcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQStudents Parents DSA Home Sexual Misconduct     The University of North Texas is committed to providing a safe environment for all community members. Dating violence, domestic violence, sexual harassment, sexual coercion, sexual exploitation, sexual violence, and stalking are prohibited. Please see our page on reporting sexual violence for more information. We are here to help. For a complete copy of the university's policies governing sexual misconduct visit: Policy for Prohibition of Sexual Assault and Retaliation (UNT Policy 12.005) Code of Student Conduct (UNT policy 07.012) Information and Procedural Guidelines for Pursuing and Resolving a Complaint of Discrimination, Including Sexual Harassment (UNT Policy 16.006) Sexual Harassment Policy (UNT Policy 16.005) Title IX Flow Chart Definitions The Code of Student Conduct defines the following prohibited conduct: Dating violence is violence committed by a person who is or has been in a social relationship of a romantic or intimate nature with the victim; and where the existence of such a relationship shall be determined based on a consideration of the following factors: the length of the relationship, the type of relationship, and the frequency of interaction between the persons involved in the relationship. Domestic violence includes felony or misdemeanor crimes of violence committed by a current or former spouse of the victim, or by a person with whom the victim shares a child in common, or by a person who is cohabitating with, or has cohabitated with the victim as a spouse, or by a person similarly situated to a spouse of a victim under the domestic or family violence laws of the jurisdiction receiving grant monies, or by any other person against an adult or youth victim who is protected from that person’s acts under the domestic or family violence laws of the jurisdiction. Sexual assault is the intentional or knowing penetration, no matter how slight, of the sex organ or anus with any body part or object, or oral sex, without consent of the complainant. The term sexual assault also may be referred to as rape. Sexual exploitation is taking non-consensual or abusive sexual advantage of another for another’s own advantage or benefit, or to benefit or advantage anyone other than the person being exploited, including but not limited to, non-consensual video or audio-taping of sexual activity or undetected viewing of another’s sexual activity. Sexual harassment is unwelcome conduct of a sexual nature including but not limited to unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors, sexual violence and other verbal, nonverbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature. Sexual violence is any physical sexual acts perpetrated against a person’s will or when a person is incapable of giving consent due to the victim’s use of drugs or alcohol or other disability, including age. Sexual violence includes but is not limited to rape, sexual assault, sexual battery or sexual coercion. Sexual coercion is the use of manipulation or threat to force someone to have sex. Stalking is engaging in a course of conduct directed at a specific person that would cause a reasonable person to fear for his or her safety or the safety of others, or to suffer substantial. Reporting The university has procedures in place that serve to be sensitive to those who make an institutional report of sexual assault, domestic violence, dating violence, and stalking. Procedures include informing individuals about their right to file criminal charges as well as the availability of counseling, health, mental health, victim advocacy, legal assistance, visa and immigration assistance and other services on and/or off campus, as well as additional remedies to prevent contact between a complainant and a respondent, such as housing, academic, transportation and working accommodations, if reasonably available. The university will make such accommodations, if the victim requests them and if they are reasonably available, regardless of whether the complainant chooses to report the crime to the UNTPD or local law enforcement. Anyone can report prohibited conduct by notifying the Dean of Students Office (940.565.2648), the Title IX Coordinator (940.565.2759) or the UNT Police Department (940.565.3000). Response Depending on when reported (immediate vs delayed report), the institution will provide the complainant with access to medical care. UNT will assess immediate safety needs of the complainant. UNT will assist the complainant with contacting local police at the complainant's requests AND the complainant will be provided with contact information for the local police department. UNT will provide the complainant with referrals to on and off-campus mental health providers. UNT will assess the need to implement interim or long-term protective measures, such as housing changes, change in class schedule, and “no contact” directive between both parties. UNT may issue a “no trespass” directive to respondent if deemed appropriate. UNT will provide a copy of the Code of Student Conduct or Sexual Harassment Policy to the complainant and inform the complainant regarding timeframes for inquiry, investigation and resolution. UNT will inform the complainant of the outcome of the investigation, whether or not the respondent will be administratively charged and what the outcome of the hearing is. UNT will enforce the anti- retaliation policy and take immediate and separate action against parties that retaliate against a person for complaining of sex-based discrimination or for assisting in the investigation. Conduct Process When the Alleged Perpetrator is a Student An impartial investigator from the Dean of Students Office will be assigned to conduct a thorough investigation of the allegation(s). The complainant and respondent will have timely notice of meetings. The complainant and respondent will have the opportunity to meet with the investigator to share their perspective on the allegation(s) and to provide any relevant information or names of individuals with relevant information to the investigator. The complainant and respondent each have the opportunity to be advised by a personal advisor of their choice, at their expense, at any stage of the process and to be accompanied by that advisor at any meeting or proceeding. An advisor may only consult and advise his or her advisee, but not speak for the advisee at any meeting or hearing. Both parties have the ability to provide witnesses and additional information. The complainant and respondent will receive regular, written updates from the investigator regarding the status of the investigation. The complainant and respondent will have the opportunity to review the investigation and respond in writing prior to the conclusion of the investigation. The investigator will use the preponderance of the evidence standard (i.e., is it more likely than not that the Code of Student Conduct was violated) to determine if the respondent committed misconduct. The complainant and respondent will be notified simultaneously, in writing, of the outcome of the investigation and any sanctions imposed for misconduct.  The complainant and respondent will be notified of their option to request reconsideration or review of the finding and any sanctions imposed. The complainant and respondent will be advised of any requests for reconsideration or review made by the other party, and will be notified of the final outcome of any reconsideration or review. Please see our page on Understanding the Conduct Process for Allegations of Sexual Harassment for more information. We are here to help Sanctions When the Alleged Perpetrator is a Student If a student is found responsible for violating the Code for one or more prohibited behaviors, one or more of the following sanctions can be imposed: Residence Hall Removal Level II Conduct Probation (removes good standing for a period of time) Level III Conduct Probation (permanently removes good standing) Suspension Expulsion Withdrawal No Contact Order Trespass Who to Contact Renee LeClaire McNamara Assistant Director for Student Advocacy, Crisis Intervention and Violence Prevention Dean of Students Office SurvivorAdvocate@unt.edu 940-565-2648http://deanofstudents.unt.edu/sexual-misconduct/reporting-sexual-misconduct Inya Baiye Title IX Coordinatoroeo@unt.edu 950-565-2759 For More Information For more information on how the university addresses sexual violence please review the university’s Annual Security Report.   Sexual Misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Visit Us University Union 1155 Union Circle, Suite 409 Denton, Texas 76203 Mail Us Division of Student Affairs 1155 Union Circle #305008 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2648 deanofstudents@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 