 studentaffairs   university union union fest Union Fest Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union union fest Union Fest Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union union fest Union Fest Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union union fest Union Fest Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union union fest Union Fest Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union union fest Union Fest Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union union fest Union Fest Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union union fest Union Fest Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union union fest Union Fest Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union union fest Union Fest Division of Student Affairs  Union Fest | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home University Union » Home About Us » About Us Staff Union Board of Directors University History House Guidelines Marketing at the Union Union Pavers Things to Do » Things to Do University Program Council (UPC) Fine Arts Series Union Fest Perks Ticket Sales Union Art Gallery Jazz Music in the Union Plan an Event » Plan an Event Student Organization General Public Department Retail & Dining » Retail & Dining Retail Dining Barnes and Noble at UNT Wells Fargo Design Works The Mainframe Eagle Images ATMs Eagle Post Visit » Visit Maps & Directions Tours Parking In the Union Accessibility Loading Dock Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs University Union Home About UsStaff Union Board of Directors University History House Guidelines Marketing at the Union Union Pavers Things to DoUniversity Program Council (UPC) Fine Arts Series Union Fest Perks Ticket Sales Jazz Music in the Union Union Art Gallery Plan an EventDepartment General Public Student Organization Retail & DiningRetail Dining Barnes and Noble at UNT Wells Fargo Design Works The Mainframe Eagle Images ATMs Eagle Post VisitMaps & Directions Accessibility In the Union Loading Dock Parking Tours Contact DSA Home Union Fest Every Spring, we celebrate Union Fest: a day packed full of freebies, fun activities, and food. It's a party dedicated to our Student Union and all of its programming and departments!   Union Fest 2017 Schedule: Doodle Party, The Mainframe, 8:00am-7:00pm Draw your best Scrappy on our iPad Pro! Prizes for the best sketches.  Coffee Cake Party, Wells Fargo, 8:30am-9:30am Kick off Union Fest with some free coffee cake and coffee at Wells Fargo. Relaxation Party, Union Patio, 9am-11am Treat yo self to some relaxation! Enjoy a FREE yoga class from 9:30-10:30am along with breakfast treats and relaxing craft activities. pARTy, Senate Chamber Union 332, 10am-12pm Emile Stewart from Wildflower Art Studios will be teaching (4) 30 minute mini hand lettering sessions! Make your own custom banner or create a custom birthday card! Limited supplies- first come, first served.10am-11am: (2) Sessions will be offered for the custom banner class 11am-12pm: (2) Sessions will be offered for the custom birthday card #UNTUnionFest2017 Picture party!, Art Gallery, 10am-8pm Take a picture on Instagram, use #UNTUnionFest2017 and pick up your printed photo right outside the art gallery! Birthday Treats! (Vendor Fair), Union 314, 11am-1pm Grab your party favors at the vendor fair! Free snacks and giveaways from some of UNT’s vendor partners! Live Music Party, Syndicate, 12-1pm Cupcake Party, 2nd level & 3rd level, 1pm No party is complete without a cupcake! Enjoy a chocolate, vanilla, or strawberry cupcakes! Laser <Tag> Party, Union 333, 1-7pm Nothing says party like a laser tag party! Garden Party, Union South Lawn, 2-4pm Pick out your favorite succulent and make it a festive home! Limited supplies- first come, first served. Binge Watch Party: Parks and Rec, Lyceum, 4pm-12am Catch a few or all of the episodes from season 3 of Parks and Rec! Trivia Party, Syndicate, 5-6:30pm Find a team and come play a round to Team Trivia! Rooftop Party, Union Rooftop, 6-9pm Listen to some live music while enjoying some Texas spring time weather! Dance Party with Silent Disco, Union 314, 9pm-12am Pick your favorite station and dance the night away as Silent Disco! Jazz Party featuring the 9/8 O’Clock Lab Bands, Syndicate, 9pm-12am Don’t miss this opportunity to enjoy some live music from UNT’s very own! Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 