 registrar   how to view schle of classes online with my How to View the Schle of Classes Online with My Registrar registrar   how to view schle of classes online with my How to View the Schle of Classes Online with My Registrar registrar   how to view schle of classes online with my How to View the Schle of Classes Online with My Registrar registrar   how to view schle of classes online with my How to View the Schle of Classes Online with My Registrar registrar   how to view schle of classes online with my How to View the Schle of Classes Online with My Registrar registrar   how to view schle of classes online with my How to View the Schle of Classes Online with My Registrar registrar   how to view schle of classes online with my How to View the Schle of Classes Online with My Registrar registrar   how to view schle of classes online with my How to View the Schle of Classes Online with My Registrar registrar   how to view schle of classes online with my How to View the Schle of Classes Online with My Registrar registrar   how to view schle of classes online with my How to View the Schle of Classes Online with My Registrar  How to View the Schedule of Classes Online with MyUNT | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us HomeHow to View the Schedule of Classes Online with MyUNT To see courses online at My UNT (my.unt.edu): Go to my.unt.edu. If you are not a UNT student, click Search in the Class Search box, then follow steps 5 - 14. For UNT students, enter your EUID and password. For help with your EUID or password, click the help links below the login boxes. Click the Search for Classes link. Select University of North Texas as your institution. Select Undergraduate or Graduate as the career of the classes you need. Select term. Click Go. Enter the 4-letter subject abbreviation for the class (for example, ENGL). If you would like to see a specific class within that group of classes, type the catalog number of the class (for example, 1310). To see every English class offered, leave the catalog number blank. Click Search. Click OK if your search returns over 50 classes. Click View All Sections as necessary on the blue status bar to view all sections. Click the section number link for the class to view important information. Additional Resources For more information, contact the Registrar's Information Counter by calling 940-565-2378 or visiting Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC) Room 147. Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building http://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 