 studentaffairs   student money management center programs and services financial intelligence training program Financial Intelligence Training FIT Program Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student money management center programs and services financial intelligence training program Financial Intelligence Training FIT Program Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student money management center programs and services financial intelligence training program Financial Intelligence Training FIT Program Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student money management center programs and services financial intelligence training program Financial Intelligence Training FIT Program Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student money management center programs and services financial intelligence training program Financial Intelligence Training FIT Program Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student money management center programs and services financial intelligence training program Financial Intelligence Training FIT Program Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student money management center programs and services financial intelligence training program Financial Intelligence Training FIT Program Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student money management center programs and services financial intelligence training program Financial Intelligence Training FIT Program Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student money management center programs and services financial intelligence training program Financial Intelligence Training FIT Program Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student money management center programs and services financial intelligence training program Financial Intelligence Training FIT Program Division of Student Affairs  Financial Intelligence Training (FIT) Program | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Money Management Center » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs & Services Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Money Management Center Home About UsStaff Programs & Services Guides Contact DSA Home Financial Intelligence Training (FIT) Program “I sincerely mean it when I say this program was a game changer in my life. I am already practicing new techniques taught during FIT.” - Gilbert, Freshman Financial Intelligence Training (FIT) provides a basic overview of the knowledge and skills students need to manage their money during and after college. The objective of this program is to help students develop a sense of comfort, control, and confidence when handling personal finance matters. Program graduates find they are empowered to take action in their financial lives. The program consists of a combination of classroom-based sessions and a personal one-on one coaching session. Topics covered during the classroom-based sessions include goal setting, budgeting, credit, debt, and planning for the future. The capstone coaching session provides students the opportunity to ask questions pertinent to their own unique situations and personal financial goals.  Students who complete the program receive a certificate and have the opportunity to add FIT to their e-Portfolio. Registration FIT is offered during the fall, spring, and summer semesters. A registration link is emailed to all students and available on our social media pages. Coaching Session Need to become more financially fit, but can’t make the FIT sessions? Schedule an individual coaching session with a SMMC money coach. You will determine the dates and times for your personal sessions. Schedule Session   Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 