 studentaffairs   counseling and testing services services group counseling and workshops Group Counseling and Workshops Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   counseling and testing services services group counseling and workshops Group Counseling and Workshops Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   counseling and testing services services group counseling and workshops Group Counseling and Workshops Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   counseling and testing services services group counseling and workshops Group Counseling and Workshops Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   counseling and testing services services group counseling and workshops Group Counseling and Workshops Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   counseling and testing services services group counseling and workshops Group Counseling and Workshops Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   counseling and testing services services group counseling and workshops Group Counseling and Workshops Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   counseling and testing services services group counseling and workshops Group Counseling and Workshops Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   counseling and testing services services group counseling and workshops Group Counseling and Workshops Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   counseling and testing services services group counseling and workshops Group Counseling and Workshops Division of Student Affairs  Group Counseling and Workshops | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Counseling and Testing Services » Home About Us » About Us Staff Services Guides Calendar Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Counseling and Testing Services Home About UsStaff Services Guides Calendar Contact DSA Home Group Counseling and Workshops Working on issues within a group setting can be a highly supportive and productive way to address personal concerns.  Students who share common concerns meet weekly or as-needed as a group with one or more clinicians to explore a specific topic and develop coping skills.  Group offerings vary each semester and lists are updated a few weeks before the semester begins. CTS offers both weekly workships and by-appointment groups.  If a group is indicated as a drop-in group, students can attend group sessions weekly or on an as-needed basis without an appointment (student will be registered upon attending or if calling in prior).  If a group is indicated as a group in which an informational appointment is needed, an individual must schedule an information appointment prior to attending group to determine if group will be able to meet their needs.  By-appointment groups require a weekly commitment. Please see our group list to determine if any groups would fit you.  If a drop-in group feels appropriate, feel free to “drop in” a few minutes prior to the start of group; if you are experiencing suicidal ideation, please call CTS at 940-565-2741 and ask to schedule a group screening appointment for the particular group prior to attending your first group, to ensure that group will be a good fit for you.  If a group requiring an informational appointment feels beneficial, please call CTS at 940-565-2741 and ask to schedule a group screening for the particular group.   Introduction to Groups/Workshops   Weekly Workshops (Call to Register) WEEKLY WORKSHOPS (NO APPOINTMENT NEEDED UNLESS YOU ARE EXPERIENCING SUICIDAL IDEATION – IF SO, PLEASE SCHEDULE A GROUPS SCREENING APPOINTMENT PRIOR TO ATTENDING GROUP TO DETERMINE IF GROUP WILL BE A GOOD FIT FOR YOU.)  Dog Breath Mondays, 2:00 - 3:00 PM, Chestnut Hall 311 Come hug and be hugged by a poodle named Buddy! Learn skills that can be used to relieve stress and manage anxiety while spending time with a lovable pet! Livin’ The Dream Tuesdays, 3:00 - 4:30 PM, BLB 295 It feels overwhelming when you are expected to have everything figured out, and everybody else seems to have it together. Learn what the “dream” is and what it means to “live the dream” in your life, education, and career. Welcome to the Office, with the Therapy Dogs! Wednesdays, 1:00 - 2:00 PM, Chestnut 311 (APPT. REQUIRED PRIOR TO ATTENDING) Come watch clips of “The Office” with our therapy dogs, Dakota and Willow, while learning to form healthy relationships and increase coping skills! Mind Spa Instruction Wednesdays and Thursdays, 1:30 - 2:00 PM (CALL AHEAD FOR AN APPOINTMENT) Learn how to relax your mind and body in our mind spa. This room encourages self-care at your convenience. Join us in a demonstration of our biofeedback software and learn how resources in the Mind Spa can help you with symptoms of anxiety, stress, and depression. Vets Connect Wednesdays, 3:00 - 4:30 PM, Sage Hall 123  The transition from the demands of military life to university life is sometimes confusing and can create a significant amount of stress. This group will be held at Student Veteran Services and offers Veterans a safe space to genuinely connect with and support one another. Healing Arts with Rockstar the Dog Wednesdays, 4:00 - 5:00 PM, Chestnut Hall 311  Come join Rockstar the therapy dog for some destressing art! We provide you with supplies to complete an art project designed to increase self-awareness, compassion, and gratitude. Come join us for art, or even just for cuddles with Rockstar! Stress Survival - NO LONGER RUNNING THIS SEMESTER, WILL RESUME IN FUTURE. Thursdays, 3:00 - 4:00 PM, Sage Hall 315 (Learning Center) Are you thriving or surviving? Come learn how to survive your stress and move toward success in school and life.     Mindfulness for OCD Mondays, 9:00 - 10:00 AM, Chestnut Hall 311 If you have obsessive-compulsive disorder, anxiety and fears might significantly interfere with living your life. This group will teach you mindfulness techniques that will assist you in challenging unhelpful thinking and in living a peaceful and enjoyable life!     THERAPY/SUPPORT GROUPS – VISIT OR CALL TO SCHEDULE AN INFORMATIONAL APPOINTMENT      Understanding Self and Others Mondays, 12:30 - 2:00 PM, Thursdays 3;30-4:30, Chestnut Hall 311 This group will highlight universal themes of the search for authentic self, setting relational boundaries, and identifying areas of connection and disconnection. A mixture of support and process, this group will serve as maintenance for some, supplementary treatment for others, and social skills practice for others. Survival of Sexual Assault: Men's Group - CLOSED FOR SEMESTER, CHECK BACK NEXT SEMESTER! Mondays, 2:00 - 3:30 PM, Chestnut Hall 311 Our SOSA group was created to provide a healing and safe environment for survivors of sexual assault to learn about sexual trauma and connect with other survivors. Group members will have opportunities to learn information, share experiences, process thoughts and feelings, and learn skills to cope in their healing journey. Couples Group - CLOSED FOR SEMESTER, CHECK BACK NEXT SEMESTER! Mondays 3:30 - 5:00 PM, Chestnut Hall 311 Come join other committed couples to increase your understanding of healthy relationships, discuss how to handle relationship conflict and increase communication, and develop realistic expectations for yourself, your partner, and your relationship. This is a great group to deepen your relationship by developing a greater understanding of your relationship patterns and individual roles. Survival of Sexual Assault: Women's Group - CLOSED FOR SEMESTER, CHECK BACK NEXT SEMESTER! Tuesdays, 2:30 - 4:00 PM, Chestnut Hall 311 Our SOSA group was created to provide a healing and safe environment for survivors of sexual assault to learn about sexual trauma and connect with other survivors. Group members will have opportunities to learn information, share experiences, process thoughts and feelings, and learn skills to cope in their healing journey.  Understanding Self & Others Jogging Therapy Tuesdays and Thursdays, 3:00 - 4:00 PM, Chestnut Hall 311 Exercise has therapeutic effects that can help alleviate symptoms of depression and anxiety. This group is about a therapy experience, not running, training, or exercise. Students will explore and discuss patterns of relating to self and others by discussing acceptance and understanding. The group thrives on diversity while disussing topics such as relationships, family, substance abuse, and personal growth. Grief Support Group Tuesdays, 3:30 - 5:00 PM, Chestnut Hall 311 A support group for students who want to explore and process feelings regarding the death of someone in their life. We will explore the impact of the loss and explore healthy ways of coping with and processing grief. Topics may include common grief reactions, the difference between depression and grief, physical, emotional, mental, and spiritual reactions to grief, and coping skills. Body Project Wednesdays, 2:30 - 3:30 PM, Chestnut Hall 311 This is an evidence-based, 4-6 session psycho-educational group for students that uses a variety of activities to challenge body ideals (e.g., thin-ideal, lean-ideal) and decrease body dissatisfaction. The group has homework activities designed to help fight body shaming and ideals. Women's Body Wellness Thursdays, 1:00 - 2:30 PM, Chestnut Hall 311 This group will offer a safe space to explore issues related to sexism, sizeism, body image, self-esteem, and food. If what you've been taught and told of what a woman should look like is creating conflict and distress in your life, this is a great group to get support and challenge rigid body image, sexism, and sizeism. Self-compassion and self-kindness will be woven in the group.      Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 