 studentaffairs   center for student affairs at discovery park Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center for student affairs at discovery park Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center for student affairs at discovery park Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center for student affairs at discovery park Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center for student affairs at discovery park Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center for student affairs at discovery park Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center for student affairs at discovery park Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center for student affairs at discovery park Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center for student affairs at discovery park Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center for student affairs at discovery park Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Division of Student Affairs  Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Home About UsStaff Programs Contact DSA Home Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park The Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park, as part of the University Union, enhances the educational process and builds community by providing an inclusive environment where individuals are valued through quality programs and support services. Services  The Center for Student Affairs (CSA) strives to make daily life easier for students while on the Discovery Park campus. The CSA office is open Monday‐Thursday 8am‐7pm and Fridays from 8am‐5pm. Our office has equipment check to out such as, PlayStation 4 games, Wii U games, pool balls and cues, ping pong balls and paddles, and other athletic equipment. Our office also  offers weekly programming such as celebrating Engineers Week and other smaller events such as, movie showings. See the programs and services tab for more information. Career Center  The UNT Career Center has a satellite office (C111) on the Discovery Park campus. Students needing assistance with internships or career advice can make an appointment to speak with a counselor. Learning Center  The Learning Center has several programs to enhance learning and facilitate academic excellence for students. E2 is a tutoring program specifically for engineers.   Programs Entertainment Participate in our weekly entertainment events and meet your fellow students. By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Geek Week Every September we host a week-long series of events to welcome new engineering students to UNT. By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Back to School Bash Each January we hold this event to welcome new students for the semester and invite them to get involved in... By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park National Engineers Week Every February we host a week-long series of events to celebrate and educate others about the field of... By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Movies at DP Relax and enjoy our movie showings of blockbuster movies. By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Discovery Park Student Advisory Board Discovery Park Student Advisory Board By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Homecoming Week at DP Come join us celebrate our Homecoming! Go Mean Green! By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Eagle Refuge At the end of each semester we host our own version of this event to help students de-stress and prepare for... By: Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Connect with Us dplife@unt.edu (940) 369-5847 Physical AddressDiscovery Park, Suite G140 Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 