 studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs senior year experience Senior Year Experience Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs senior year experience Senior Year Experience Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs senior year experience Senior Year Experience Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs senior year experience Senior Year Experience Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs senior year experience Senior Year Experience Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs senior year experience Senior Year Experience Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs senior year experience Senior Year Experience Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs senior year experience Senior Year Experience Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs senior year experience Senior Year Experience Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs senior year experience Senior Year Experience Division of Student Affairs  Senior Year Experience | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Senior Year Experience About Senior Year Experience  Welcome to the Senior Year Experience. You can attend as many events as you wish and by attending you will get to experience “college life” during your senior year. Events include Games, Honors Day, Movie Nights, Distinguished Lecture Series and Fine Arts Series Events. You will have access to workshops and services here on campus and at your local ISD that will assist you in your college preparations.  Register for Eagle Advantage Register How it Works  Current Seniors can participate in the Senior Year Experience throughout their senior year of high school. Current Juniors can attend events such as Junior Advantage Day and Senior Day during the summer between their junior and senior year of high school. Students in participating High Schools can register for Eagle Advantage. At the beginning of the semester, the Coordinator of the Senior Year Experience Program will provide students with a detailed schedule of events. Events will be listed on the website and some require an RSVP.  High school juniors in the top 20% of their class, mid-year, can join Eagle Advantage through their participating ISD and receive guaranteed admission to the University of North Texas. All students interested in participating can use the "register" links below to sign up.  2017 Senior Year Experience Spring Programming & Events unt.edu/eagleadvantage Eagle Advantage Tours 3:00pm (Register) Every Tuesday 3:00 for EA schools/students Special giveaway and Welcomehttps://tours.unt.edu Saturday February 4th 12:30pm - 3:30pm(Register) College Prep Workshops and Rock Climbing Event Financial Aid Workshop and Major Maze (Choosing Your Major)Pohl Receration Center 205 Thursday  February 9th 7:00pm - 9:00pm SOLD OUT!  Elizabeth Smart, Distinguished Lecture Series Dinner 7:00 Union 394, Lecture begins at 8:00pmUnion Lyceum Saturday February 18th(Register) UNT SPRING PREVIEW This open-house showcases the whole spectrum of campus, including Academic Departments, Admissions, Financial Aid, Scholarships, Housing, Student Activities and the Denton Community. Join us and discover what UNT can do for you! Wednesday February 22nd 7:00pm - 9:00pm(Register) 7:00 Dinner Union 394 Dr. Mae Jemison, Distinuished Lecture Series Union 314 Saturday March 25th 8:00am - 12:00pm(Register) The BIG EVENT- Nationally recognized day of service. Join us as we contribute 10,000+ hours of service in Denton County.Rawlins 270 Monday April 17th 10:00am - 2:00pm(Register) JUNIOR ADVANTAGE DAY- High school juniors: Join us for a campus connection created to help you pick a major, learn about financial aid and scholarships, and hear from current UNT students. We will provide lunch, Scrappy's ice cream, a campus tour, and much more! LUNCH PROVIDED ROOM CHANGE- Union 333 B&C Wednesday April 26th 6:00pm-8:00pm(Register) Paint Night (Creating Your College Experience). Paint your own masterpiece + campus connection. Pizza and all supplies provided. Enjoy step by step instruction to create a one-of-a-kind piece of art that you will be able to take home with you. You can use the piece next fall to decorate your new dorm at UNT! Join us for a great night and lots of fun. Parents and siblings welcome. Union 314C PARK in Lot 37  July 17 & 18 Senior Day is a 24 hour campus connection experience. This event is for current juniors entering their senior year of high school. Students will spend the night in the residence halls and experience a day in the life of a UNT student. Registration opens later this spring. Download PDF Contact  Corinne French, Coordinator, Senior Year ExperienceCorinne.French@unt.edu 940.565.4198 Senior Year Experience Senior Year Experience Events Resources Principals Conference Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 