 studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs eagle camp Eagle Camp Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs eagle camp Eagle Camp Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs eagle camp Eagle Camp Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs eagle camp Eagle Camp Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs eagle camp Eagle Camp Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs eagle camp Eagle Camp Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs eagle camp Eagle Camp Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs eagle camp Eagle Camp Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs eagle camp Eagle Camp Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs eagle camp Eagle Camp Division of Student Affairs  Eagle Camp | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Eagle Camp New School, New Friends & New Experiences Eagle Camp is an optional next step that welcomes the entering students to UNT each year with the purpose of giving them an opportunity to have fun, make friends, and learn more about life at UNT. We hope that through Eagle Camp, you will begin finding your place in the UNT Family before classes even begin! Eagle Camp is a 3-day optional experience and tradition for incoming students that takes place at Camp Copass. Students ride buses from the UNT campus to Camp Copass, where they stay in air-conditioned, furnished cabins. Eagle Camp is led by UNT students and staff who are passionate about making the first year of college a success for the incoming students! Every leader has valuable personal experience, so they can offer advice about classes, fun things to do in Denton, and anything else you need as you begin your journey as an Eagle! Eagle Camp is NOT Freshman Orientation. Eagle Camp 2017 August 11 - 13, 2017 Social Media  Stay connected all summer long by following each of our social media accounts! Facebook: Eagle Camp at UNT Twitter: @EagleCamp Instagram: @UNTEagleCamp Make sure to include the hashtag #EC17 in all your Eagle Camp posts! Why Eagle Camp? Getting Connected  Eagle Camp is a great way for entering students to build new friendships before starting classes at UNT. Camp offers several activities and unique experiences, small group sessions and much more! Campers have multiple opportunities to get connected. Getting Involved  Students who attend camp become involved in student organizations and serve in leadership positions throughout their college career at UNT. At camp, exceptional student leaders and staff motivate and encourage campers to contribute their time and talent in making a difference as an Eagle. Becoming an Eagle  Eagle Camp is full of activities and events that offer students a chance to grow in their understanding of the tradition and mission of UNT. Additionally, students are directly connected to upper class eagle camp leaders who answer questions and address concerns you might have about starting college at UNT. 2017 Eagle Camp Highlights  Friday Night Highlight Speaker Chris Collins will be giving "The Code" that every college student needs to be successful. After learning "The Code", every college student will be able to master any challenges in their way! Saturday Night Highlight Silent Events will be hosting Eagle Camp's 4th annual Silent Disco! It has been such a hit the last few years, we had to bring it back! Make sure to check out last year's photos on our Facebook page, and click here to see what more info about Silent Events. How do I sign up?  Registration for Eagle Camp 2017 is open now and will close July 28, 2017. Space is limited so register early! Eagle Camp Register Forms Eagle Camp Leaders FAQs Contact Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 