 studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs transfer center Transfer Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs transfer center Transfer Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs transfer center Transfer Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs transfer center Transfer Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs transfer center Transfer Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs transfer center Transfer Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs transfer center Transfer Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs transfer center Transfer Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs transfer center Transfer Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs transfer center Transfer Center Division of Student Affairs  Transfer Center | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Transfer Center About Us  It is impossible for a new transfer student to know all the ins and outs of college life at UNT, so the Transfer Center provides support to all transfer students during their transition period.  The Transfer Center’s main goal is to help students connect to important campus resources, ensuring a successful transition to UNT.  Transfer students are very important to UNT; each fall, we welcome over 3,500 new transfer students on our campus and our goal is to be a resource to all of them. The Transfer Center offers various opportunities that promote involvement, including Transfer Communities, Tau Sigma National Honor Society, Transfer Programs and Transfer Orientation. Throughout the semester, we host several social and academic events that allow our transfer students to make connections and learn about pertinent departments that will aid in their success. We also have free lockers that can be checked out daily or by semester and a Blackboard page for transfer students to keep you updated with a calendar of events and provide you with tips and tricks for a successful transition into UNT! To request to be added to the Blackboard page, please send an email to transfer@unt.edu. Please browse through the site for further information on the many resources, services and programs available specifically for transfer students! Interested in joining our team? The Transfer Center is hiring! Applications are available both online and in the Transfer Center. Please return your application to the Transfer Center and complete the Eagle Careers application (Job ID# 140436) by 5:00pm on April 7, 2017 to be considered. Questions can be directed to transfer@unt.edu or (940)-369-5287. Contact Information Transfer Center | Orientation and Transition Programs Union, Suite 377 (940) 369-7287transfer@unt.edu Twitter  |  Facebook   Transfer Center Transfer Ambassadors Programs Transfer Communities Prospective Students Transfer FAQ Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 