 studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs first flight week First Flight Week Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs first flight week First Flight Week Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs first flight week First Flight Week Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs first flight week First Flight Week Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs first flight week First Flight Week Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs first flight week First Flight Week Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs first flight week First Flight Week Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs first flight week First Flight Week Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs first flight week First Flight Week Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs first flight week First Flight Week Division of Student Affairs  First Flight Week | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home First Flight Week First Flight is UNT's official welcome program. This week is designed to help new students begin their college experience on the right foot. From programs that prepare you for the upcoming educational opportunities to programs where you get to let loose and meet fellow peers, there is something for everyone! First Flight Week 2017 Sunday, August 20 - Sunday, August 27, 2017 All new freshman students are required to participate in First Flight Week. On Mean Green Move-In Day (Sunday, August 20) you will move in to your residence hall home and check in for First Flight Week from 9:00am - 4:00pm on campus. Participation in First Flight Week is required and attendance will be taken at all First Flight events.  Check-In  First Flight Week check-in will be available from 9:00am - 4:00pm at 4 campus locations. There will be pop-up tents set up outside designated residence halls or campus buildings. Information will be available in early August. Late Check-In Late check-in will be available in the Orientation and Transition Programs office (University Union, Suite 377) Monday and Tuesday mornings from 8:00am - noon. Accommodations  Housing Housing is not provided during First Flight Week. Freshman students living on campus are expected to move in to their fall residence hall home on Sunday, August 20 on Mean Green Move-In Day (link). Parking All UNT students are expected to make their own parking and transportation arrangements. Parking rules and regulations will be in affect during First Flight Week. If you plan to park on campus, it is recommended that you purchase a campus parking permit. Information about permits can be found on the UNT Parking & Transportation website (link). Transportation Students driving to campus should refer to the Google Maps for driving directions. The office of Orientation and Transition Programs does not provide shuttles to and from the airport. Students flying into either DFW or Love Field airport are encouraged to make alternative arrangements. Meals Meal plans begin on Monday, August 21. Lunch and dinner will be provided on campus on Sunday, August 20, but after that date students are expected to use their campus meal plan. If you are a commuter student, meal tickets for lunch Monday - Thursday will be provided to you by your First Flight Leader. The following dining halls will be open during First Flight Week: Kerr Dining Hall Bruce Dining Hall Champs at Victory Hall Disability Accommodations Students who intend to register with the Office of Disability Accommodation (ODA) under the terms of ADA/504, or who request accommodations during First Flight Week should contact ODA two weeks prior to First Flight week by calling 940-565-4323, TTY callers 1-800-RELAY TX. Visit the ODA website at www.unt.edu/oda. First Flight Week Expectations Schedule FAQs First Flight Leaders Spring Soar Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 