 studentaffairs   org tau sigma Tau Sigma Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org tau sigma Tau Sigma Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org tau sigma Tau Sigma Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org tau sigma Tau Sigma Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org tau sigma Tau Sigma Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org tau sigma Tau Sigma Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org tau sigma Tau Sigma Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org tau sigma Tau Sigma Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org tau sigma Tau Sigma Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org tau sigma Tau Sigma Division of Student Affairs  Tau Sigma | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs   Tau Sigma   UNT Tau Sigma Officers (2015-2016) • President:  • Vice President:  • Secretary:  • Multimedia Chair:  • Social Events Chair:  • Advisor:  Kelsey Kunkle, Coordinator for the Transfer Center Contact: 940-369-7287   Tau Sigma on Facebook Tau Sigma HQ Recognizing and promoting the academic excellence and involvement of Transfer students Tau Sigma National Honor Society is an academic honor society designed to recognize and promote academic excellence and involvement of transfer students. The academic society was started in 1998 by Dr. Lee Colquitt of Auburn University in Alabama.  The Kappa chapter for the University of North Texas was established in the spring of 2001. Each semester the Transfer Center recognizes new full-time transfer students who received a 3.5 GPA or higher in their first full-time semester at UNT.  Membership in Tau Sigma is by invitation only and students who meet the eligibility criteria will be invited to join the organization during their second semester at UNT; if a student’s first full full-time semester was in the fall, they would receive an invitation the following spring semester. In addition to being a member of the national organization, UNT students have the opportunity to participate in the Tau Sigma organization on our campus.  The Executive Board hosts biweekly meetings, social activities and community service events.  New membership is sworn in following each spring induction ceremony.  Why should I join Tau Sigma? Connect with Us (940) 369-7287 Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 