 studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides activity examples Activity Examples Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides activity examples Activity Examples Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides activity examples Activity Examples Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides activity examples Activity Examples Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides activity examples Activity Examples Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides activity examples Activity Examples Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides activity examples Activity Examples Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides activity examples Activity Examples Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides activity examples Activity Examples Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides activity examples Activity Examples Division of Student Affairs  Activity Examples | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Activity Examples Academic Success  Academic Success involves active learning. These activities are designed to help you get used to moving beyond the classroom in your academic endeavors. Meet with a professor outside of class during their office hours to discuss the course. Make an appointment with an academic advisor at your home college campus or UNT. Participate in an arranged study group from your class. Personal Development  Personal Development involves activities that will help you grow and understand yourself as a person, as well as assist you with your transition to the UNT community. Take a career or major placement test, for instance, a math placement test. Take a UNT Campus Tour. Attend and participate in a university sponsored student organization meeting or club. Social Success  Social involvement is represented by your ability to know and interact in a healthy way with other students at the school where you decide to enroll or at UNT. Attend an athletic event (save the ticket stub). Attend a campus theatre or music performance (save a flyer or event program, if possible). Attend Homecoming Festivities.   Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 