 studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides freshman year Freshmen Year Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides freshman year Freshmen Year Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides freshman year Freshmen Year Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides freshman year Freshmen Year Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides freshman year Freshmen Year Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides freshman year Freshmen Year Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides freshman year Freshmen Year Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides freshman year Freshmen Year Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides freshman year Freshmen Year Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs guides freshman year Freshmen Year Division of Student Affairs  Freshmen Year | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Freshmen Year Welcome to UNT Class of 2020! We are so excited to have you on our campus! We’re here to make your transition to UNT a successful one. Visit the Freshman Year page to stay up to date on programs and information specifically for freshmen students. This year we want to help you: Connect to UNT Develop Study Skills Learn Campus Resources Class Meet Ups Every month the class of 2020 will get together to network, work on Class Cause projects, and learn about issues facing freshmen. The Class of 2020 typically meets the 1st Monday of the month. Free food is provided at each Meet Up, and a chance to win prizes and UNT swag. Attend 3 Meet Ups to earn your Freshman Class Pin. Class Cause  UNT 2020 selected Mental Health Awareness for their Class Cause.  Class Pin You will have the opportunity to earn Pins for your Freshman, Sophomore, Junior and Senior years here at UNT by participating in 2020 Class Identity and Class Cause programs. There are lots of ways to earn your pin: 1.Attend 3 Class of 2020 Class Meet Ups 2.Complete the First Year Passport 3.Complete the Emerging Leader Series and Summit 4.Complete 4 hours of  Class Cause Community Service    Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 