 international   content international student orientation process International Student Orientation  International international   content international student orientation process International Student Orientation  International international   content international student orientation process International Student Orientation  International international   content international student orientation process International Student Orientation  International international   content international student orientation process International Student Orientation  International international   content international student orientation process International Student Orientation  International international   content international student orientation process International Student Orientation  International international   content international student orientation process International Student Orientation  International international   content international student orientation process International Student Orientation  International international   content international student orientation process International Student Orientation  International  International Student Orientation | UNT International Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home » Home International Travel International Visitors Scholarships Special Events Events Calendar Contact Us UNT-I Staff Directory International Students & Scholars » International Students & Scholars Executive Order Updates New Students Current Students Scholars Faculty & Staff Forms Contact Us Global Engagement » Global Engagement 2015-16 Data Agreements China Advisory Council Fulbright Global Funding India Initiatives Group International Travel International Visitors Study Abroad Office » Study Abroad Office Search Programs Contact Us Intensive English Program » Intensive English Program Programs Apply Now Contact Us Sponsored Students » Sponsored Students Services China Transfer Program Parents Program Airport Pick-Up Request Apply Now Contact Us Apply to UNT » Apply to UNT Apply Now Request Info Academics Graduate Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Campus Tours Contact Us China Advisory Council Menu » Search form Search UNT International MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas UNT International Main menu HomeInternational Travel International Visitors Scholarships Special Events Events Calendar Contact Us UNT-I Staff Directory International Students & Scholars Executive Order Updates New Students Current Students Scholars Faculty & Staff Forms Contact Us Global Engagement2015-16 Data Agreements China Advisory Council Fulbright Global Funding India Initiatives Group International Travel International Visitors Study Abroad OfficeSearch Programs Contact Us Intensive English ProgramPrograms Apply Now Contact Us Sponsored StudentsServices China Transfer Program Parents Program Airport Pick-Up Request Apply Now Contact Us Apply to UNTApply Now Request Info Academics Graduate Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Campus Tours Contact Us International Student Orientation HOUSINGThere are 14 dormitories on the UNT campus to choose from. Dormitories are limited, so apply as soon as you can. Check out the UNT Housing website for more information. REAL (Residents Engaged in Academic Living) Community is a  great option for students of the same major/interests to live together in a wing within a dormitory.Off-Campus Housing: There are numerous apartments around campus, many within walking distance. Apartments vary in price and some are fully furnished. Start your search at UNT's Off-Housing website or www.apartmentsearch.com. IMMUNIZATION REQUIREMENTSMeningitis Effective October 1, 2013, all new students, including transfer students, must show evidence of receipt of an initial bacterial meningitis vaccination (meningococcal meningitis vaccine) dose or booster in the last five years and at least ten days prior to the first day of the semester in which the student initially enrolls. This new law also applies to any student returning to school after a break in enrollment for a fall or spring semester. Students 22 years of age or older are not required to submit evidence of meningococcal meningitis vaccination. Click Here for more information. TUBERCULOSIS (TB) SCREENING REQUIREMENT Tuberculosis (TB) Screening   Required for ALL incoming international students to the University of North Texas. International students must be screened and/or tested for TB in the first three weeks after the 12th day of class. Failure to do so will result in a block preventing you from registering for classes. UNT Health and Wellness Center for more information. INTERNATIONAL STUDENT ORIENTATION & DOCUMENT CHECK-INAre you coming to UNT on an F-1or J-1 Visa?   Undergraduate (Freshman/Transfer) international students on F-1or J-1 visa must attend two (2) orientations: International Student Orientation & Immigration Document Check-In, and the university Freshman or Transfer Orientation. Graduate students are also required to attend the International Student Orientation and Immigration Document Check-In, as well as Graduate School Orientation. NOTE: You must bring your passport and UNT I-20 or DS-2019  Are you here on another visa (for example, E, I, H, etc.), Internet-based (IB) only or a Returning (no more than 1 year after leaving UNT) or Continuing student (UNT Undergraduate to UNT Graduate or UNT Master's to UNT PhD)? You will be required to come in to the International Student and Scholar Services Advising Center, Marquis Hall 110 for Immigration Document Check-In. Registration is not required. Please bring your passport and immigration documents. Check this page for more information and contact International Student and Scholar Services at 940-565-2195 or e-mail I20@unt.edu with any questions. You will have a hold/block for Immigration Document Check-In and/or International Student Orientation until you have attended either one or both required sessions. Arriving late to the University may compromise your ability to register for the classes of your choice, so please make every effort to arrive to UNT on time. INTERNATIONAL STUDENT ORIENTATION REGISTRATIONClick on one of the following to register for International Student Orientation:All Students Admitted for Summer 2017(Undergraduate) Transfer Students Admitted for Fall 2017(Undergraduate) Freshmen Students Admitted for Fall 2017Graduate Students Admitted for Fall 2017IELI ONLY: IELI Going to UNT Early International Student Orientation ORIENTATION STEPSClick on the appropriate link to find the steps list (schedule) for your orientation:Summer 2017 Orientation StepsFall 2017 Early Orientation Steps- TransfersFall 2017 August Orientation Steps- UndergraduatesFall 2017 August Orientation Steps- Graduates UNIVERSITY ORIENTATIONFreshman and Transfer students: You must register for University Freshman or Transfer orientations through Orientation & Transition Programs. Sessions fill up quickly, so register as soon as possible. To register, log-in to http://my.unt.edu with your EUID and password. Click on "Student Center," then "Register for Orientation." Visit the Orientation & Transition Programs Orientation page, visit them in person in the University Union, Suite 377, or call 940-565-4198 for more details and payment options. Graduate students: The University’s Graduate Student Orientation program is combined with your International Student Orientation program. DEPARTMENT ORIENTATIONSTeaching Excellence Seminar: Attendance is required for all new TA/TFs. For more information, visit CLEAR.Music Majors: Must attend Music orientation and placement exams at time specified in Music Admission letter. You may attend an alternate session for International Student Orientation.Other Majors: Look over your admissions letter carefully, some majors require Department orientations. Make sure you register and attend. TEXAS SUCCESS INITIATIVE TESTING (Required for Undergraduate students)  TSI test is required for new students to a Texas public higher education institution.Texas Success Initiative 940-369-7006 Learning.Center@unt.edu Orientation helps you adjust to UNT as quickly and smoothly as possible. Questions? I20@unt.edu or 940-565-2195 Visit Us Marquis Hall 1511 West Mulberry Street Marquis Hall, Room 105 Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle, #311067 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-565-2197 amanda.guccione@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 