 studentaffairs   student health and wellness center about staff Staff Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center about staff Staff Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center about staff Staff Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center about staff Staff Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center about staff Staff Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center about staff Staff Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center about staff Staff Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center about staff Staff Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center about staff Staff Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center about staff Staff Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs  Staff - Student Health and Wellness Center | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Health and Wellness Center » Home About Us » About Us Hours Location & Parking Staff Appointments Services » Services Primary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education Administrative » Administrative Billing and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Health and Wellness Center Home About UsHours Location & Parking Staff Appointments ServicesPrimary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education AdministrativeBilling and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Meet the Staff Executive Director Herschel L. Voorhees, D.O. Executive Director Dr. Voorhees is the Student Health and Wellness Center's Executive Director as well as a board certified physician who provides general family medicine services.  He received his DO from UNT Health Science Center and has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center for over 20 years. Medical Providers Cynthia D. Hermann, M.D. Director of Clinical Services Dr. Hermann is a licensed gynecologist.  She provides general women's health services, as well as specialized procedures, including colposcopies and long-term contraceptive (intrauterine device [IUD] and implant) insertions and removals.  She received her MD from Texas Tech School of Medicine and has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2011. John S. Shelton, M.D. Assistant Director of Clinical Services Dr. Shelton is a board certified physician who provides general family medicine services.  He received his MD from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School and has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2009. Joel Brady, PA-C Physician Assistant Mr. Brady is a Physician Assistant who provides general family medicine services and has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2015.  He received his license from the University of Nebraska. Pat Davis, RN, MSN, FnP-C Nurse Practitioner Ms. Davis is a certified Nurse Practitioner who provides general family medicine services.  She attended the University of Texas at Arlington and has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2008. Jennifer DiVecchia, RN, MSN, FnP-C Nurse Practitioner Ms. DiVecchia is a certified Nurse Practitioner who provides general family medicine services.  She attended Vanderbilt University and has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2003. Carl Malmberg, PA-C Physician Assistant Mr. Malmberg is a Physician Assistant who provides general family medicine services and has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2015.  He received his license from UT Southwestern Medical School. Amanda Paul, PA-C Physician Assistant Ms. Paul is a Physician Assistant who provides general family medicine services and has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2017.  She received her degree from University of Texas Medical School in Galveston. Betsy Schenck, D.O. Part-Time Staff Physician Dr. Schenck is a board certified ER physician who provides general family medicine services and specialty travel medicine.  She does not perform gynecology exams.  Dr. Schenck received her DO from UNT Health Science Center Texas College of Osteopathic Medicine and has worked part-time for the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2006.   Sajid Surve, D.O. Physician Dr. Surve is a triple board certified specialist in Performing Arts Medicine.  He provides a wide range of services such as osteopathic manipulation, acupuncture, injections, bracing, practice recommendations, and general counseling.  His services are limited at this time to performing arts students.  He received his DO from Rowan University School of Osteopathic Medicine. Nursing Kathy Brewer Director of Nursing Kathy is a licensed vocational nurse who assists with patient care and supervises the Student Health and Wellness Center's excellent team of nurses.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center for over 20 years.  Comedra Daniels Assistant Director of Nursing Comedra is a licensed vocational nurse who assists with patient care and assists with the supervision of the Student Health and Wellness Center's team of nurses.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2003. Audrey Amerson Staff Nurse Audrey is a licensed vocational nurse who assists with patient care and has worked at the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2007. Arleine Battle-Thomas Referral Nurse Arleine is a licensed vocational nurse who assists patients with referrals to outside specialists and providers.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2000. Amy Boyd Staff Nurse Amy is a licensed vocational nurse who assists with patient care and has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2014. Mary Burger Part-Time Nurse Mary is a part-time nurse who previously worked as an LVN for the Student Health and Wellness Center from 2008 through 2015. Rebecca Fridley Staff Nurse Rebecca is a staff nurse who has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2015. Kim Head Staff Nurse Kim is a licensed vocational nurse who assists with patient care and has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2006. Deanne Hyde Medical Assistant Deanne is a licensed Medical Assistant who assists with patient care.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2006. Angela Koiner Staff Nurse Angela is a licensed nurse who has been at the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2016. Kim Ledesma Staff Nurse Kim is a licensed vocational nurse who assists with patient care.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2014. Patty McQueen Staff Nurse Patty is a licensed vocational nurse who assists with patient care.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2016. Megan Morris Part-Time Nurse Megan is a licensed vocational nurse who assists with patient care.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center part-time since 2016. Jansi Raj Staff Nurse Jansi is a licensed vocational nurse who assists with patient care.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2014. Greta Taylor Staff Nurse Greta is a licensed vocational nurse who assists with patient care.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2001. Tamera Walters Staff Nurse Tamera is a licensed nurse who has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2016. Nancy Whitaker Staff Nurse Nancy is a licensed vocational nurse who assists with patient care.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2008. Pharmacy Karen Knotts, RPh Director of Pharmacy Karen is the Chief Pharmacist in charge of all Pharmacy functions.  She received her B.S. from Butler University and has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2011. Nancy Lively, RPh Part-Time Pharmacist Nancy received her B.S. from the University of Texas and is a licensed Pharmacist who works part-time with the Student Health and Wellness Center. Christine Martin, RPh Part-Time Pharmacist Christine received her B.S. from University of Texas and is a part-time pharmacist who has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2015. Staci Sprabary, CPht Certified Pharmacy Technician Staci is a Certified Pharmacy Technician who has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2003.  Auxiliary Services Jennifer Andress, RT (R) Radiologic Technologist Jennifer is a Radiologic Technologist who has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2015. Carol Frederick, MT, ASCP Medical Technologist Carol is a licensed medical technologist in the Student Health and Wellness Center CLIA-certified Laboratory.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2010. Danielle Gemoets, MS, RDN, LD Dietitian Danielle is a certified dietitian who has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2013. Nancy Warnell, MT, AMT Medical Technologist Nancy is a licensed medical technologist in the Student Health and Wellness Center CLIA-certified Laboratory.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2006. Administrative Dana Sachs Director of Administration dana.sachs@unt.edu Dana supervises all Administrative functions of the Student Health and Wellness Center, as well as assisting with the supervision of all health center functions in general.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2000. Israel Chavarria Coordinator of MCHR israel.chavarria@unt.edu Israel supervises the Meadows Center for Health Resources, which includes the Student Health and Wellness Center's wellness resources such as Condom Club and the Mean Green Screen.  He has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2014. Linda Clisso Administrative Assistant linda.clisso@unt.edu Linda provides administrative functions such as payroll, as well as being Safety Officer.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2002. Amelia Easley MCHR Administrative Assistant amelia.easley@unt.edu Amelia is the Administrative Assistant for the Meadows Center for Health Resources.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2016. Donna Felton Assistant Coordinator of HIM donna.felton@unt.edu Donna assists with the supervision of the Health Information Management Department as well as being a main points of contact for askSHWC and the health center's social media accounts.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center for over 10 years. Stephanie Fields-Hawkins Coordinator of Administration and Assessment stephanie.fields-hawkins@unt.edu Stephanie is responsible for health center administrative and assessment functions.  She attended the University of North Texas and received her BA and MA in History.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2009. Darlene Hargove Billing Specialist darlene.hargrove@unt.edu Darlene is a part of the Billing Department team.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2011. Jonathan Hons IT Specialist Jonathan has been the Student Health and Wellness Center's IT Specialist since 2009 and is responsible for the health center's IT functions. Rose Fleeks Coordinator of Accounting and Purchasing rose.fleeks@unt.edu Rose is the Coordinator of Accounting and Purchasing. She received her Bachelor of Business Administration from Texas Woman’s University. She has been with UNT since 2002 and with the SHWC since 2017. Tricia Raper-Combs Coordinator of HIM/HIPAA Privacy Officer tricia.raper-combs@unt.edu Tricia has worked at the health center for over 20 years and currently serves as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Privacy Officer and Coordinator of Health Information Management.  Heather Rich Coordinator of Auditing and Compliance heather.rich@unt.edu Heather is responsible for health center audits, compliance, and medical coding.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2016. Shari Ruhberg Materials Management Supervisor shari.ruhberg@unt.edu Shari has worked at the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2009, first in the Billing department and more recently as the Materials Management Supervisor. Kerry Stanhope Assistant Director of Outreach kerry.stanhope@unt.edu Kerry attended the University of North Texas where he earned a BA in Journalism and MEd in Higher Education.  He has been at the UNT Student Health and Wellness Center since 2005 and currently manages marketing and outreach.  Laura Stapleton Coordinator of Billing laura.stapleton@unt.edu Laura is the Coordinator of Billing with previous experience as a licensed vocational nurse.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2015. Stephanie Wilson Insurance Specialist stephanie.wilson@unt.edu Stephanie is a part of the Billing Department team and assists with the management of the University-endorsed student insurance plan.  She has been with the Student Health and Wellness Center since 2012. Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 