 studentaffairs   student health and wellness center health center appointments Health Center Appointments Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center health center appointments Health Center Appointments Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center health center appointments Health Center Appointments Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center health center appointments Health Center Appointments Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center health center appointments Health Center Appointments Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center health center appointments Health Center Appointments Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center health center appointments Health Center Appointments Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center health center appointments Health Center Appointments Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center health center appointments Health Center Appointments Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center health center appointments Health Center Appointments Division of Student Affairs  Health Center Appointments | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Health and Wellness Center » Home About Us » About Us Hours Location & Parking Staff Appointments Services » Services Primary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education Administrative » Administrative Billing and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Health and Wellness Center Home About UsHours Location & Parking Staff Appointments ServicesPrimary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education AdministrativeBilling and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Health Center Appointments If you have an emergency, call 911.  The Student Health & Wellness Center (SHWC) is NOT an Emergency Room.  By calling 911, first responders will provide you with the most prompt response to an emergency, whether on or off campus. Access Students enrolled in the current semester who have paid the medical service fee are eligible for services at the SHWC. To make an appointment Call us at 940-565-2793 Sign on to MyOSH.unt.edu (eligible students only) Stop by the Health Center Main Clinic: 940-565-2793 Provider visits are by appointment only. Students are welcome to speak with a licensed professional nurse for consultation and advice. Additional charges may be incurred during your visit. We do not file insurance to commercial carriers but will file directly to the University endorsed student insurance policy. Please note that limited appointments can be made online through MyOSH.unt.edu. If you cannot find your appointment reason online please call the Scheduling office at 940-565-2793.  Additionally, same day only appointments are available by calling the Scheduling office at 940-565-2793. During this busy cold and flu season, appointments with providers may book up quickly. If an appointment is not available with a provider, students are welcome to speak with a licensed professional nurse for consultation and advice.  Consultations are available Monday, Tuesday and Thursday 8:00am to 5pm, Wednesday 8:00am to 6:00pm and Friday 9:30am to 5pm. Appointment times are reserved for the problems or injuries for which you have originally set the appointment. As a courtesy to all our patients, any additional concerns will need to be addressed at a separate appointment. When the Health Center is closed, students enrolled in the student insurance plan can use the 24-hour telehealth line at 855-355-7998 for free medical advice.  Students enrolled in other health insurance plans should consult the back of their insurance card for medical advice options.  All students may call Parkland’s Nurse Call Line at 214-266-8777 free of charge 24/7. Accommodations If special accommodations are needed to utilize clinical services, please call (940) 565-2333 to arrange accommodation. What Do I Need When I Come to the Student Health and Wellness Center?  UNT ID card Local address Phone number Checkbook, credit card or cash Meadows Center for Health Resources For massage therapy, Mean Green Screen and health education appointments please call 940-565-2787. Student Interview Requests To schedule an interview with a medical provider or other Student Health and Wellness Center staff member, please submit the Information Needed for Student Interview Requests to SHWCOutreach@unt.edu. Cancelling or Rescheduling an appointment To cancel your medical appointment by phone, students should call (940) 565-2793. To reschedule your medical appointment, please call (940) 565-2793 and speak to an appointment scheduler or go online to myOSH.unt.edu. To cancel or reschedule your massage therapy or student interview appointment by phone, students and UNT employees should call (940) 565-2787. As a courtesy to other students who may need to be see, please try to reschedule your appointment 24 hours in advance if possible.  Patients who do not cancel or reschedule at least an hour before their scheduled appointment time will be charged a $10 no show fee. Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 