 studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs  Services - Student Health and Wellness Center | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Health and Wellness Center » Home About Us » About Us Hours Location & Parking Staff Appointments Services » Services Primary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education Administrative » Administrative Billing and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Health and Wellness Center Home About UsHours Location & Parking Staff Appointments ServicesPrimary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education AdministrativeBilling and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Services ADD/ ADHD The Student Health and Wellness Center (SHWC) provides only medication management for students with Attention... By: Student Health and... Allergy Injections The SHWC can give regular allergy injections to UNT students. The SHWC does not do allergy testing. You must... By: Student Health and... Body Image & Eating Awareness Team The Body Image & Eating Awareness Team is a collaborative multidisciplinary team of caring fitness,... By: Counseling and..., Student Health and... Departmental First Aid Supplies The UNT Student Health and Wellness Center (SHWC) offers first aid supplies for sale to UNT departments, as... By: Student Health and... Dietitian Whether you want to learn how to improve your eating habits or need help with a nutrition-related health... By: Student Health and... Health Education Programming The Meadows Center for Health Resources provides more than just one-on-one services. Student groups,... By: Student Health and... Laboratory The Student Health and Wellness Center operates a full-service clinical laboratory which provides... By: Student Health and... Massage Therapy Services Affordable massage therapy services to faculty, staff and students. By: Student Health and... Meadows Center for Health Resources The Meadows Center for Health Resources is the health education office of the Student Health and Wellness... By: Student Health and... Mean Green Screen By: Student Health and... Men's Health Men's heath. By: Student Health and... Optometry College Optical Express at UNT is a full service optical office located on campus at The University of North... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Performing Arts Medicine As a performing artist, you recognize that when it comes to health, your needs can be unique. By: Student Health and... Pharmacy The Student Health and Wellness Center Pharmacy is a non-profit, state owned and fully licensed pharmacy.... By: Student Health and... Psychiatry We are currently in transition with our psychiatric services and will have limited availability of... By: Student Health and... Radiology The Radiology department provides basic radiographic examinations and diagnostic x-rays with a Student Health... By: Student Health and... The Conversation: Peer Health Educators The Meadows Center for Health Resources sponsors the Conversation, a peer health education student... By: Student Health and... Transgender Health Here at the UNT Student Health and Wellness Center we believe every student has the right to be treated in a... By: Student Health and... Travel Medicine The SHWC provides appointments for students traveling abroad for a UNT trip or personal travel. To schedule... By: Student Health and... UNT Dental Office Proudly offering full-service dentistry to the UNT community By: Student Health and Wellness Center Walk-In STD Testing The Student Health and Wellness Center is happy to announce that we are now providing walk-in testing... By: Student Health and... Women's Health Complete care for women. By: Student Health and... Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 