 studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services specialty Specialty Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services specialty Specialty Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services specialty Specialty Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services specialty Specialty Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services specialty Specialty Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services specialty Specialty Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services specialty Specialty Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services specialty Specialty Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services specialty Specialty Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services specialty Specialty Services Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs  Specialty Services - Student Health and Wellness Center | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Health and Wellness Center » Home About Us » About Us Hours Location & Parking Staff Appointments Services » Services Primary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education Administrative » Administrative Billing and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Health and Wellness Center Home About UsHours Location & Parking Staff Appointments ServicesPrimary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education AdministrativeBilling and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Specialty Services ADD/ ADHD The Student Health and Wellness Center (SHWC) provides only medication management for students with Attention... By: Student Health and... Body Image & Eating Awareness Team The Body Image & Eating Awareness Team is a collaborative multidisciplinary team of caring fitness,... By: Counseling and..., Student Health and... Dietitian Whether you want to learn how to improve your eating habits or need help with a nutrition-related health... By: Student Health and... Massage Therapy Services Affordable massage therapy services to faculty, staff and students. By: Student Health and... Performing Arts Medicine As a performing artist, you recognize that when it comes to health, your needs can be unique. By: Student Health and... Psychiatry We are currently in transition with our psychiatric services and will have limited availability of... By: Student Health and... Travel Medicine The SHWC provides appointments for students traveling abroad for a UNT trip or personal travel. To schedule... By: Student Health and... Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 