 studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative health center pricing Health Center Pricing Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative health center pricing Health Center Pricing Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative health center pricing Health Center Pricing Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative health center pricing Health Center Pricing Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative health center pricing Health Center Pricing Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative health center pricing Health Center Pricing Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative health center pricing Health Center Pricing Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative health center pricing Health Center Pricing Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative health center pricing Health Center Pricing Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative health center pricing Health Center Pricing Division of Student Affairs  Health Center Pricing | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Health and Wellness Center » Home About Us » About Us Hours Location & Parking Staff Appointments Services » Services Primary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education Administrative » Administrative Billing and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Health and Wellness Center Home About UsHours Location & Parking Staff Appointments ServicesPrimary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education AdministrativeBilling and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Health Center Pricing What does it cost to see a provider or nurse?  Payment of the Medical Services Fee, which is built into the student's tuition and fees, allows access to the Student Health and Wellness Center. A student will incur discounted charges for services such as, but not limited to:  lab, x-ray, treatments, injections, pharmacy, nutritional consultation, and specialty physician visits. Will my insurance pay for my visit?  If you have insurance coverage through the University endorsed student insurance policy, the Student Health and Wellness Center is considered an in-network provider and most charges are covered. If you DO NOT have the University endorsed student insurance policy, you may ask for an itemized receipt at check-out to file for reimbursement yourself. For more information, you may call the Billing Department at 940-369-8543. What must I present in order for you to file on the University endorsed student insurance?  Students must present a current insurance card and the policyholder's information, including UNT ID number and date of birth. How and where do I pay?  Payment in full is expected at the time of service in the form of cash, check, or credit card. Enrolled students may complete a charge account agreement if necessary. All balances must be paid in full prior to the end of the month to avoid a block on the student's account. Pharmacy  A full-service pharmacy is located inside Chestnut Hall. Prescriptions from private physicians can be filled at the pharmacy, which accepts some insurance. Click here for more information about insurance policies the pharmacy accepts. How does the Health Center compare against other facilities for pricing of services?  The Student Health and Wellness Center is often less expensive than other facilities for most services based on cash costs of services.  Check out our current medical services pricing comparison and our current pharmacy pricing comparison to see how we compare on most often requested services. Is there a charge for a form to be completed at the Health Center?  The medical providers at the Student Health and Wellness Center often complete medical related forms for students who are studying abroad, need a physical for a work or volunteer program or who need documentation for special accommodations.  Typically a fee of $10 is charged for completing these types of forms for students.   Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 