 studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative medical insurance for international students Medical Insurance for International Students Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative medical insurance for international students Medical Insurance for International Students Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative medical insurance for international students Medical Insurance for International Students Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative medical insurance for international students Medical Insurance for International Students Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative medical insurance for international students Medical Insurance for International Students Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative medical insurance for international students Medical Insurance for International Students Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative medical insurance for international students Medical Insurance for International Students Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative medical insurance for international students Medical Insurance for International Students Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative medical insurance for international students Medical Insurance for International Students Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center administrative medical insurance for international students Medical Insurance for International Students Division of Student Affairs  Medical Insurance for International Students | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Health and Wellness Center » Home About Us » About Us Hours Location & Parking Staff Appointments Services » Services Primary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education Administrative » Administrative Billing and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Health and Wellness Center Home About UsHours Location & Parking Staff Appointments ServicesPrimary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education AdministrativeBilling and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Medical Insurance for International Students This section is solely for International Students of the University of North Texas. You have a major responsibility in your own health and your health insurance. If you have questions or concerns about your insurance, please contact the UNT Student Health and Wellness Center (SHWC) Billing Department at 940-369-8543. The University's Responsibilities  UNT must enforce the requirement that you have adequate health insurance coverage continuously during UNT residence. UNT residence is defined as that continuous period from initial orientation and enrollment or employment, including holidays, through graduation or final separation from the university. Your Responsibilities  You are required by the University to provide proof of adequate health insurance coverage each time you register for classes. You may waiver out of the University endorsed student insurance policy in only two instances: An international student has employment insurance through a U.S. employer group policy. An international student has  coverage through the employment of a parent or relative through a U.S. employer group policy. In addition to the two waiver instances, students must also provide, Medical Evacuation and Repatriation Coverage. This is available as a separate policy through the University endorsed insurance carrier, United Healthcare Student Resources. For Waiver Request Form, click here.  Bring the completed waiver request form, front and back of health insurance card, and proof of medical evacuation coverage to the SHWC Billing Department in Chestnut Hall, 2nd floor billing window or scanned copies of documentation can be emailed to laura.stapleton@unt.edu. Waivers are received Monday through Friday in the office and all necessary documentation must be received before 5:00pm on the 12th class day during long semesters. Failure to provide proper documentation by the deadline each semester will result in the automatic billing for the University's student health insurance.   Please note that insurance coverage is for a continuous period of time.  Should you graduate or separate from the University during that period of time, a refund will not be issued. Questions About UNT Health Insurance  Why must I have insurance? As a condition of admission, the University of North Texas requires all non-immigrant international students to maintain medical/hospitalization insurance for the entire period of their UNT residence. The student insurance fee is automatically added to the student's tuition, and fees bill each semester unless the student provides alternate coverage and requests a waiver of the insurance fee.     Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 