 registrar   registration fall 8 week sessions Fall 2017 8 Week Sessions Registrar registrar   registration fall 8 week sessions Fall 2017 8 Week Sessions Registrar registrar   registration fall 8 week sessions Fall 2017 8 Week Sessions Registrar registrar   registration fall 8 week sessions Fall 2017 8 Week Sessions Registrar registrar   registration fall 8 week sessions Fall 2017 8 Week Sessions Registrar registrar   registration fall 8 week sessions Fall 2017 8 Week Sessions Registrar registrar   registration fall 8 week sessions Fall 2017 8 Week Sessions Registrar registrar   registration fall 8 week sessions Fall 2017 8 Week Sessions Registrar registrar   registration fall 8 week sessions Fall 2017 8 Week Sessions Registrar registrar   registration fall 8 week sessions Fall 2017 8 Week Sessions Registrar  Fall 2017 - 8 Week Sessions | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us   RegistrationBeforeCheck the Schedule of Classes See if Your Credits will Transfer Former/Returning Undergraduate Students Get Advised Online Degree Audit DuringHow to Register Registration Guides by SemesterSpring 2017 Summer 2017 Fall 2017Registration Late Registration Add / Drop 8 Week Sessions Auditing a Class Course Load Concurrent Enrollment at Another School Excessive Hours Repeating Courses AfterPay Tuition and Fees Buy Textbooks Dropping a Class Withdrawing from the Semester Transcripts and Records Residency Information Grades Exams Graduation and Diplomas Veterans and Military Home » Registration » Before » During » Registration Guides by Semester » Fall 2017Fall 2017 - 8 Week Sessions Two 8 Week Sessions are offered within the term. Each session will have individual academic calendars and grade reporting periods. The session dates for the Fall semester are: 8 Week Session 1: August 28 - October 208 Week Session 2: October 23 - December 15 Registration/Academic Dates Registration/Academic Dates - 8 Week Session 1 March 13 Registration for Spring 8 Week Session 1 begins. See Registration Schedule for more information. April 1 Last day to submit INTERNATIONAL graduate admission applications for fall semester regular registration. Graduate applications received after this deadline must be accompanied by all official transcripts. See Admissions Resources for more information. Graduate students who submit applications after this date, if accepted, will register during late registration and pay late registration fee. Some departments have earlier deadlines. Please refer to college/departmental information in the Graduate Catalog for additional admission deadlines. June 15 Last day to submit DOMESTIC graduate admission applications for fall semester regular registration. Graduate applications received after this deadline must be accompanied by all official transcripts. See Admissions Resources for more information. Graduate students who submit applications after this date, if accepted, will register during late registration and pay late registration fee. Some departments have earlier deadlines. Please refer to college/departmental information in the Graduate Catalog for additional admission deadlines. August 1 Last day for graduate students to request change of major in the graduate dean's office prior to registration. August 17 Fee payment deadline is 5:00 p.m. for registration that has occurred from March 13 - 4:30 p.m., August 17. 4:30 p.m. - 11:59 p.m. - Registration access is temporarily unavailable due to mandatory processing. August 24 Last day for applications for graduate admissions to be accepted. Fee payment deadline is 6:00 p.m. for registration that has occurred from 12:00 a.m., August 18 - 5:30 p.m., August 24. August 28 Classes Begin September 5 Census date. Last day to drop a course (not withdrawing from the semester) and receive refund. Subsequent drops require instructor's written consent. September 6 Beginning this date, a student who wishes to drop an 8 Week Session 1 course must first receive written consent of the instructor. A grade of W is assigned. September 15 Last day for a change in pass/no pass status on 8 Week Session 1 courses. Last day to drop a course or withdraw from the semester with a grade of W for courses that the student is not passing. After this date, a grade of WF may be recorded. Note: Dropping all courses constitutes withdrawing from the university for the semester. Must see Dean of Students. September 16 Beginning this date, instructors may drop students with grade of WF for nonattendance. September 22 Mid semester. October 6 Last day for an instructor to drop a student with a grade of WF for nonattendance. Last day to withdraw from 8 Week Session 1. Process must be completed by 5:00 p.m. in the Dean of Students Office. October 9 Beginning this date, a student who qualifies may request a grade of I. See the Graduate Catalog for more information. Last day for a student to drop a course with consent of the instructor. October 20 Final Exams. 8 Week Session 1 Ends. December 15 Fall Term Ends. Registration/Academic Dates - 8 Week Session 2 March 13 Registration for Spring 8 Week Session 2 begins. See Registration Schedule for more information. April 1 Last day to submit INTERNATIONAL graduate admission applications for fall semester regular registration. Graduate applications received after this deadline must be accompanied by all official transcripts. See Admissions Resources for more information. Graduate students who submit applications after this date, if accepted, will register during late registration and pay late registration fee. Some departments have earlier deadlines. Please refer to college/departmental information in the Graduate Catalog for additional admission deadlines.  June 15 Last day to submit DOMESTIC graduate admission applications for fall semester regular registration. Graduate applications received after this deadline must be accompanied by all official transcripts. See Admissions Resources for more information. Graduate students who submit applications after this date, if accepted, will register during late registration and pay late registration fee. Some departments have earlier deadlines. Please refer to college/departmental information in the Graduate Catalog for additional admission deadlines. August 1 Last day for graduate students to request change of major in the graduate dean's office prior to registration. August 17 Fee payment deadline is 5:00 p.m. for registration that has occurred from March 13 - 4:30 p.m., August 17. 4:30 p.m. - 11:59 p.m. - Registration access is temporarily unavailable due to mandatory processing. August 24 Fee payment deadline is 6:00 p.m. for registration that has occurred from 12:00 a.m., August 18 - 5:30 p.m., August 24. October 20 Fee payment deadline is 12:00 p.m. for registration that has occurred from 12:00 a.m. August 18 through 11:30 a.m. October 20. October 23 Classes Begin. October 30 Census date. Last day to drop a course (not withdrawing from the semester) and receive refund. Subsequent drops require instructor's written consent. October 31 Beginning this date, a student who wishes to drop an 8 Week Session 2 course must first receive written consent of the instructor. A grade of W is assigned. November 10 Last day for a change in pass/no pass status on 8 Week Session 2 courses. Last day to drop a course or withdraw from the university with a grade of W for courses that the student is not passing. After this date, a grade of WF may be recorded. Note: Dropping all courses constitutes withdrawing from the university for the semester. Must see Dean of Students. November 11 Beginning this date, instructors may drop students with grade of WF for nonattendance. November 17 Mid semester. December 1 Last day for an instructor to drop a student with a grade of WF for nonattendance. Last day to withdraw from 8 Week Session 2. Process must be completed by 5:00 p.m. in the Dean of Students Office. December 4 Beginning this date, a student who qualifies may request a grade of I. See the Graduate Catalog for more information. Last day for a student to drop a course with consent of the instructor. December 15 Final Exams. 8 Week Session 2 Ends. Fall Term ends. Fee Payment Bills will not be mailed for the Fall semester. Go to the Student Center online at my.unt.edu for your account balance and schedule information. Account balance information will be available at my.unt.edu once you complete registration. Go to the myUNT Student Center to view your bill. Fee payment arrangements must be completed by the deadlines stated above, or your registration requests will be canceled and you will not be registered. For information about making payments, please visit studentaccounting.unt.edu. For information about Financial Aid and Scholarships, visit financialaid.unt.edu. Additional Resources For more information, contact the Registrar's Information Counter by calling 940-565-2378 or visiting Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC) Room 147. For instructions on using the myUNT Student Center for Registration, please visit Student Center Help.   Registration Info Find Classes Get Advised   Registration GuidesSpring 2017 Summer 2017 Fall 2017 Academic Catalog View All Forms Instructions for using MyUNT and EIS   Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building http://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 