 financialaid   basics Student Financial Aid Scholarship Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   basics Student Financial Aid Scholarship Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   basics Student Financial Aid Scholarship Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   basics Student Financial Aid Scholarship Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   basics Student Financial Aid Scholarship Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   basics Student Financial Aid Scholarship Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   basics Student Financial Aid Scholarship Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   basics Student Financial Aid Scholarship Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   basics Student Financial Aid Scholarship Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   basics Student Financial Aid Scholarship Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships  Student Financial Aid & Scholarship Basics | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Home SFAS BasicsFinancial Aid Basics Scholarship Basics How Financial Need is Determined College Costs Scholarships Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Helpful Resources Home » SFAS BasicsStudent Financial Aid & Scholarship Basics Student Financial AidMoney provided to the student and the family to help them pay for the student's education. Major forms of financial aid include gift aid (grants and scholarships) and self help aid (loans and work). and Scholarships at the University of North Texas provides assistance to qualified students who need financial help to pursue their education. UNT offers a variety of options to assist you in financing your education. Financial aid is intended to supplement, not replace, family resources. The primary responsibility of funding rests with families and students. Financial aid awards are funded and regulated by state and federal governments. Government regulations determine eligibility and awards are subject to change without prior notification. UNT Student Financial Aid and Scholarships is obligated to comply with updated federal, state, and institutional regulations and policies. Such changes may occur without prior notice. Please read about Your Rights and Responsibilities.  Contact Us: Student Financial Aid and Scholarships 1155 Union Circle #311370 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738 Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203 Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. financialaid@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 4, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness Select LanguageEnglishSpanish 