 financialaid   resources Helpful Resources Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   resources Helpful Resources Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   resources Helpful Resources Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   resources Helpful Resources Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   resources Helpful Resources Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   resources Helpful Resources Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   resources Helpful Resources Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   resources Helpful Resources Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   resources Helpful Resources Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   resources Helpful Resources Student Financial Aid and Scholarships  Helpful Resources | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Home SFAS Basics College Costs Scholarships Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Helpful ResourcesManaging your Finances UNT Resources Non-UNT Resources Tax Information Home » Helpful ResourcesHelpful Resources We have a compiled a list of websites related to financial aidMoney provided to the student and the family to help them pay for the student's education. Major forms of financial aid include gift aid (grants and scholarships) and self help aid (loans and work). and other helpful resources.  The websites cover topics ranging from managing your money while in college to learning how to get a short-term loanA loan is a type of financial aid that must be repaid, with interest. The Federal Student Loan Program is a good method of financing the costs of your college education. These loans are better than most consumer loans because they have lower interest rates. The Federal Loans and Perkins Loans also provide a variety of deferment options and extended repayment terms. that may be helpful to you during your career here at UNT.   Contact Us: Student Financial Aid and Scholarships 1155 Union Circle #311370 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738 Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203 Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. financialaid@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 4, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness Select LanguageEnglishSpanish 