 financialaid   hours Hours Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   hours Hours Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   hours Hours Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   hours Hours Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   hours Hours Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   hours Hours Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   hours Hours Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   hours Hours Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   hours Hours Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   hours Hours Student Financial Aid and Scholarships  Hours | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Home SFAS Basics College Costs Scholarships Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Helpful Resources HomeHours ESSC Hours Monday - Friday: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM See the Schedule of Classes for extended hours during registration. Campus Operators Hours: Monday - Thursday: 7:30 AM - 7:00 PM Friday: 7:30 AM - 5:00 PM Extended Hours of Service Please contact our office about our next scheduled participation. Hours:Location: Monday - Thursday 5:00 PM - 7:00 PM Saturday 9:00 AM - 1:00 PM Registrar's Office Room 147 Holiday Schedule Extended Hours are not scheduled if the day is a holiday or part of a holiday weekend and school is not in session for that day/days. Services Provided The extended hours desk is designed to assist in basic services from all the departments in the ESSC. Some of the basic services we provide include: Registrar’s Office Order and pick up transcripts, Order verification of enrollment, turn in duplication forms, drop a class, change address, turn in pass/no pass form, obtain a catalog and/or schedule of classes bulletin. Undergraduate and Graduate Admissions Pick up Admissions information, pick up and turn in residency information, turn in application, check application status, pick up and turn in change of major form, pick up GRE/GMAT information. Student Accounting Check Account Balance, pick up and turn in Faculty/Staff/Retiree/Dependent Educational Scholarship Application, AFDC Tuition and Fee exemption, Senior Citizen Waiver, Final Graduate Hours Waiver, Scholarship Program for Early High School Graduates, Refund Request, Hazelwood Act for Texas Veterans Waiver Application. Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Student Financial Aid and Scholarships: Answer financial aid and scholarship questions. Check award status. Provide help with completing required forms. *Some examples of services that must be prearranged with the departments during regular hours include verification of enrollment and Financial Aid paperwork. If you have a question about whether a service can be provided check with the department. Contact Us: Student Financial Aid and Scholarships 1155 Union Circle #311370 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738 Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203 Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. financialaid@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 4, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness Select LanguageEnglishSpanish 