 registrar   registration dropping class Dropping a Class Registrar registrar   registration dropping class Dropping a Class Registrar registrar   registration dropping class Dropping a Class Registrar registrar   registration dropping class Dropping a Class Registrar registrar   registration dropping class Dropping a Class Registrar registrar   registration dropping class Dropping a Class Registrar registrar   registration dropping class Dropping a Class Registrar registrar   registration dropping class Dropping a Class Registrar registrar   registration dropping class Dropping a Class Registrar registrar   registration dropping class Dropping a Class Registrar  Dropping a Class | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us   RegistrationBeforeCheck the Schedule of Classes See if Your Credits will Transfer Former/Returning Undergraduate Students Get Advised Online Degree Audit DuringHow to Register Registration Guides by Semester Auditing a Class Course Load Concurrent Enrollment at Another School Excessive Hours Repeating Courses AfterPay Tuition and Fees Buy Textbooks Dropping a Class Withdrawing from the Semester Transcripts and Records Residency Information Grades Exams Graduation and Diplomas Veterans and Military Home » Registration » Before » During » After » Dropping a ClassDropping a Class What Happens if I Drop a Class? Dropping classes or failing to complete and pass registered hours may make you ineligible for financial aid. You must meet Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) requirements to maintain eligibility for financial aid as defined by the UNT Office of Student Financial Aid and Scholarships. For more information on UNT's SAP policies, please visit financialaid.unt.edu/satisfactory-academic-progress-requirements. In addition, if you drop below half-time enrollment you may be required to begin paying back your student loans. Please contact financial aid directly as your situation may vary. Thinking about dropping all of your classes? See important information about withdrawing from the university. How Do I Drop a Class? Please refer to the academic calendar for the current semester located at my.unt.edu or catalog.unt.edu to determine which procedure to follow. If you are dropping before the automatic "W" deadline: Visit the Registrar's Office in the Eagle Student Services Center or the department for the course to be dropped and pick up a drop form to take to your instructor. Once your instructor signs the form, bring it back to the Registrar's office to have the drop processed. If you are dropping after the automatic "W" deadline: Visit the Registrar's Office in the Eagle Student Services Center or the department for the course to be dropped and pick up a drop form to take to your instructor, who will then assign either a grade of "W" or "WF". A grade of "W" has no effect on GPA, however a grade of "WF" will be treated the same as a failing grade. If you have any questions, please call the Registrar's Office at 940-565-2112 or come to the Eagle Student Services Center. How Many Courses am I Allowed to Drop? The following policy describes the limitation of drops for undergraduate students enrolling Fall 2007 and after. Students enrolling in higher education for the first time during the fall 2007 academic term or any term subsequent to the fall 2007 term may drop a total of six courses. This total includes any course a transfer student has dropped at another Texas public institution of higher education. This does not apply to courses dropped prior to the census date or courses dropped with a grade of WF and does not apply if the student withdraws for the term or session. Certain exceptions may be made to the limit if the student can show good cause for dropping more than that number including but not limited to a showing of: a severe illness or other debilitating condition that affects the student’s ability to satisfactorily complete the course; the student’s responsibility for the care of a sick, injured or needy person if the provision of that care affects the student’s ability to satisfactorily complete the course; the death of a person who is considered to be a member of the student’s family or who is otherwise considered to have a sufficiently close relationship to the student that the person’s death is considered to be a showing of good cause; the active duty service as a member of the Texas National Guard or the armed forces of the United States of either the student of a person who is considered to be a member of the student’s family or who is otherwise considered to have a sufficiently close relationship to the student that the person’s active military service is considered to be a showing of good cause; or the change of the student’s work schedule that is beyond the control of the student, and that affects the student’s ability to satisfactorily complete the course. Requests for exception to the drop limitation must be made in writing to the student’s academic dean and must occur during the semester that the dropped course was taken. Additional Resources See more information about class drop refunds. For more information, contact the Registrar's Information Counter by calling 940-565-2111 or visiting Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC) Room 147. For instructions on using the EIS Student Center for Registration, please go to the Help for Students page at: essc.unt.edu/eis/students.htm   Registration Info Find Classes Get Advised   Registration GuidesSpring 2017 Summer 2017 Fall 2017 Academic Catalog View All Forms Instructions for using MyUNT and EIS   Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building http://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 