 learningcenter   froshexemption TSI Assessment Exemption Learning Center learningcenter   froshexemption TSI Assessment Exemption Learning Center learningcenter   froshexemption TSI Assessment Exemption Learning Center learningcenter   froshexemption TSI Assessment Exemption Learning Center learningcenter   froshexemption TSI Assessment Exemption Learning Center learningcenter   froshexemption TSI Assessment Exemption Learning Center learningcenter   froshexemption TSI Assessment Exemption Learning Center learningcenter   froshexemption TSI Assessment Exemption Learning Center learningcenter   froshexemption TSI Assessment Exemption Learning Center learningcenter   froshexemption TSI Assessment Exemption Learning Center  TSI Assessment Exemption | Learning Center Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Learning Center Home TSI Tutoring Support Programs Graduate Resources Outreach Faculty/Staff Resources Staff Incoming Freshman View your TSI Status Freshman TSI Exemptions Testing Options TSI Checklist Learn more: TSI Incoming Freshman Incoming Transfer Continuing Student Student Resources TSI Information for Parents HomeTSI Assessment Exemption The TSI law requires every entering student to demonstrate readiness in reading, writing, AND math by earning an acceptable score in each area on the TSI Assessment UNLESS you prove an exemption. Review the following list to see if you might qualify for an exemption. Download a PDF version of this table HERE. How to send proof of an exemption Exemptions are not automatic. If your TSI Status is marked incomplete but you feel like you qualify for one of the exemptions above, you may expedite the evaluation process by sending transcripts/score reports demonstrating your exemption directly to the Learning Center in one of the following methods. Email TSI@unt.edu Fax 940-369-8394 Mail UNT Learning Center Attn: TSI Evaluation 1155 Union Circle #305038 Denton, TX 76203-5017 In Person Sage Hall, 315 The required documentation listed below must include your name. When corresponding with our office in writing, you must also reference your UNT ID and date of birth to help us process your requests. Search Search this site: Contact Information: Learning Center 1155 Union Circle P.O. Box 305038 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: (940) 369-7006 Fax: (940) 369-8394 Visit Us: Sage Hall 315 http://learningcenter.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. Learning.Center@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? learning.center@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 17, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 