 studentaccoing   refunds Refunds Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   refunds Refunds Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   refunds Refunds Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   refunds Refunds Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   refunds Refunds Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   refunds Refunds Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   refunds Refunds Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   refunds Refunds Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   refunds Refunds Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   refunds Refunds Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services   Refunds | Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services Skip to main content Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services Search form Search Search Call us Contact Us UNT Map HomeTuition and FeesEagle Express Tuition PlanTuition and Fee CalculatorsEagle Express Tuition Plan CalculatorTraditional Tuition Plan CalculatorExplanation of FeesExcessive Hours and Repeat Course FeesAuditing ClassesWaivers and ExemptionsPaymentsPayment by CheckPayment by CashPayment by Installment PlanSponsored StudentsNon-Tuition PaymentsService Fee for Credit/Debit Card PaymentsRefundsShort-Term LoansUNT ID CardsTax ReportingContact UsQuicklinks Back MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect University Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services Search form Search Search MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Home Tuition and FeesEagle Express Tuition Plan Tuition and Fee CalculatorsEagle Express Tuition Plan Calculator Traditional Tuition Plan Calculator Explanation of Fees Excessive Hours and Repeat Course Fees Auditing Classes Waivers and Exemptions PaymentsPayment by Check Payment by Cash Payment by Installment Plan Sponsored Students Non-Tuition Payments Service Fee for Credit/Debit Card Payments Refunds Short-Term Loans UNT ID Cards Tax Reporting Contact Us MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Search form Search Search Home Tuition and Fees Waivers and Exemptions Payments Refunds Short-Term Loans UNT ID Cards Tax Reporting Contact Us Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services You are hereHomeRefunds Refunds Important Information Regarding Refunds   Some types of financial aid can only be used to pay for certain charges. Therefore, you may receive a refund even if you have outstanding charges on your student account. If a balance remains on your account after you receive a financial aid refund, you are responsible for paying it in full on time each semester.  Please review your student account frequently throughout each term for balances owed. Refund Options Get information about class drop and withdrawal refunds » The University of North Texas has partnered with BankMobile (previously Higher One®) to process student refunds for all UNT students. This partnership allows for more efficient processing of refunds.  Refunds sent to BankMobile will be processed according to the refunding method the student has elected. In order to minimize delays, students should log into the UNT refunding preference website by CLICKING HERE and make a refund method selection. Failure to select an option will delay your refund. Direct Deposit (ACH) – If you choose this option, you will need to enter your existing bank routing and account numbers, your refund will be deposited into this account.  Typically this takes 2-3 days for the money to become available in your account from the date your refund is processed.  Paper Check - If you choose this option, a paper check will be mailed to you.  Please note that it may take up to 10 days from the date of disbursement for you to receive your refund from the date your refund is processed.  Make sure that your current mailing address is up-to-date in the student center to prevent additional delays of your initial refund. Vibe Debit Card - If you choose this option, a debit MasterCard will be mailed to you.  You will immediately have access to a virtual debit card that you can use for on-line transactions until you receive your debit card in the mail (Please note: the virtual card may not be accepted for in-person transactions).  Typically your money will be available in this account the same day refunding is processed by the university. To view our institution's contract with BankMobile, a Division of Customer Bank, click here. Students should choose the refund option that best fits their needs.  FDIC's "Money Smart" is a good resource to consult when deciding which option to choose. Please note that if you do not select a refunding option, any refunds due to you may be delayed. For New Students Students that are new to the university will receive a GREEN ENVELOPE sent to the mailing address listed on your student account after you have registered for at least 6 hours or have a credit balance on your account to be refunded.  The envelope will contain a personal code to login to the UNT refunding preference website which can be accessed by CLICKING HERE.  Follow the directions to choose 1 of the 3 options listed above to receive your refund.  If you’re expecting a refund CLICK HERE for printable instructions. All options are free to students for refund processing (other fees may apply). For Returning Students Students that have not yet chosen their refunding preference will need to locate the previously mailed GREEN ENVELOPE or contact Student Accounting for assistance. ATM Accessibility BankMobile – Vibe (previously Higher One®) customers have access to the Allpoint network, the largest ATM network.  Customers are able to get their cash surcharge-free at 55,000 ATM’s worldwide!  Please click on the Allpoint network locator to find the location closest to you.  ATM Locations Your Existing Bank – Check your bank’s website for the ATM locator to find the closest location to you. Vibe or EasyRefund Debit Card – This card can be used at any of the Allpoint locations. Wells Fargo and Bank of America ATM’s are located on the UNT Denton campus in various locations. FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS: The answers to many of your questions can be found by CLICKING HERE.  When will I receive the green envelope? Students that are new to the university will receive a GREEN ENVELOPE sent to the mailing address listed on your account after you have registered for at least 6 hours or have a credit balance on your account to be refunded. How do I select a refund preference? Selecting your refund preference can only be completed online. However, never fear...it's fast and easy! To ensure timely disbursement of your refund, please select your refund preference as soon as possible. To get started, simply: Visit the website listed on your refund selection kit Click the 'Get Started' button. When selecting your refund preference, we suggest making a mental note of your password and/or PIN for future use in logging into your account or Profile. How can I change my refund preference? You may change your refund preference at any time at no cost to you. It's quick and easy! Log in to your profile. Under the 'Refunds' tab, click 'Refund Preferences.' Choose your desired refund preference. Click 'Update Preference' to submit your request. Please be aware that changes to your refund preference only affect future refunds, not refunds that have already been disbursed. How does the Vibe Debit Card work? Please note:  The Vibe debit card is only one of 3 available refund options and is not required.  However, a refund selection must be made by every eligible student even if you are not expecting a refund. The Vibe debit card is a non-interest bearing, FDIC insured internet-only checking account, serviced by BankMobile. with student-focused features. Funds are deposited to the Vibe debit card the same business day they are released by your school. With theVibe debit card you can enjoy: No monthly fee for students No minimum balance requirements The convenience of using Debit MasterCard® at millions of locations worldwide Surcharge free ATMs that are on the Allpoint network Mobile App Online Bill Pay & Photo Bill Pay Mobile deposits Card On/Off Switch Online and mobile money management tools Financial education information How do I get my PLUS refund check verified to be cashed? The financial institution where you will cash or deposit your PLUS refund will call the check verification number on the front of the check for approval to process the check. The check verification telephone number is 1-866-629-2658. What if my check has been verified but I need to cash it with a different merchant? Once approval is provided that merchant is the only business that can process the check.  If you wish to go to a different merchant, you must contact the school. Top Contact Us (940) 565-3225 student.accounting@unt.edu Mail Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 105 University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #310620 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Visit UsEagle Student Services Center Room 105 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX, 76209 [map] Main Menu Home Tuition and Fees Waivers and Exemptions Payments Refunds Short-Term Loans UNT ID Cards Tax Reporting Contact Us University Links MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Email & Phone  Student.Accounting@unt.edu  940-565-3225 Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services   Find UNT on Google Maps   1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information Call us Email Us UNT Map Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links 