 registrar   registration withdrawing semester Withdrawing from the Semester Registrar registrar   registration withdrawing semester Withdrawing from the Semester Registrar registrar   registration withdrawing semester Withdrawing from the Semester Registrar registrar   registration withdrawing semester Withdrawing from the Semester Registrar registrar   registration withdrawing semester Withdrawing from the Semester Registrar registrar   registration withdrawing semester Withdrawing from the Semester Registrar registrar   registration withdrawing semester Withdrawing from the Semester Registrar registrar   registration withdrawing semester Withdrawing from the Semester Registrar registrar   registration withdrawing semester Withdrawing from the Semester Registrar registrar   registration withdrawing semester Withdrawing from the Semester Registrar  Withdrawing from the Semester | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us   RegistrationBeforeCheck the Schedule of Classes See if Your Credits will Transfer Former/Returning Undergraduate Students Get Advised Online Degree Audit DuringHow to Register Registration Guides by Semester Auditing a Class Course Load Concurrent Enrollment at Another School Excessive Hours Repeating Courses AfterPay Tuition and Fees Buy Textbooks Dropping a Class Withdrawing from the Semester Transcripts and Records Residency Information Grades Exams Graduation and Diplomas Veterans and Military Home » Registration » Before » During » After » Withdrawing from the SemesterWithdrawing from the Semester What Happens if I Withdraw from the Semester (Drop All Classes)? Dropping classes or failing to complete and pass registered hours may make you ineligible for financial aid. You must meet Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) requirements to maintain eligibility for financial aid as defined by the UNT Office of Student Financial Aid and Scholarships. For more information on UNT's SAP policies, please visit financialaid.unt.edu/satisfactory-academic-progress-requirements. In addition, if you drop below half-time enrollment you may be required to begin paying back your student loans. Please contact financial aid directly as your situation may vary. If you officially withdraw, cease attendance or are administratively withdrawn from UNT, federal regulations require post-secondary institutions to calculate the amount of federal financial aid funds earned during the term from which you withdrew. It is possible you will owe a repayment of unearned financial aid funds to the university if you cease enrollment prior to the sixty percent (60%) completion point of any enrollment period for which you received federal financial aid funds. All financial aid funds will be canceled if your withdrawal is prior to the first day of classes or if you never attend. To Withdraw from the Semester (Drop All Courses) Effective Fall 2012, students wanting to withdraw from the semester (drop ALL courses for the semester) must do so at the Dean of Student's Office. Dean of Student's Office Withdrawal Information Students wanting to withdraw from the semester (drop ALL courses for the semester) PRIOR to the first day of the term, would do so with the Registrar's office. Students receiving financial aid must also contact Student Financial Aid and Scholarships before dropping a class or withdrawing. Students receiving student loans may be required to complete loan exit counseling with a financial aid counselor before they are permitted to withdraw. Loan exit packets may also be mailed to students. Additional Resources See more information about withdrawal refund schedules. For more information, contact the Registrar's Information Counter by calling 940-565-2111 or visiting Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC) Room 147. For instructions on using the EIS Student Center for Registration, please go to the Help for Students page at: essc.unt.edu/eis/students.htm   Registration Info Find Classes Get Advised   Registration GuidesSpring 2017 Summer 2017 Fall 2017 Academic Catalog View All Forms Instructions for using MyUNT and EIS   Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building http://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 