 transition   Orientation and Transition Programs Division of Student Affairs transition   Orientation and Transition Programs Division of Student Affairs transition   Orientation and Transition Programs Division of Student Affairs transition   Orientation and Transition Programs Division of Student Affairs transition   Orientation and Transition Programs Division of Student Affairs transition   Orientation and Transition Programs Division of Student Affairs transition   Orientation and Transition Programs Division of Student Affairs transition   Orientation and Transition Programs Division of Student Affairs transition   Orientation and Transition Programs Division of Student Affairs transition   Orientation and Transition Programs Division of Student Affairs  Orientation and Transition Programs | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Orientation and Transition Programs Our Mission  is to be an evolving office for students and their families that facilitates the successful transition into the UNT community by: helping them connect to the University, creating opportunities, and building relationships.   Programs Senior Year Experience Welcome to the Senior Year Experience. By registering with the Eagle Advantage you have access to many events... By: Orientation and Transition Programs Graduating Year Experience By: Orientation and Transition Programs Parent Association Parent Association. By: Orientation and Transition Programs Mentoring The ACCESS Mentoring Program is designed to provide students with the opportunity to connect with a member of... By: Orientation and Transition Programs Class Identity Class Identity. By: Orientation and Transition Programs Family Weekend Family Weekend is the first big event of the year for students and their families. A variety of activities... By: Orientation and Transition Programs Parent Programs Parent Programs is excited to announce that nominations are currently being accepted for Family of the Year!... By: Orientation and Transition Programs Transfer Center It is impossible for a new transfer student to know all the ins and outs of college life at UNT, so the... By: Orientation and Transition Programs Organizations Tau Sigma Connect with Us (940) 565-4198 Physical AddressThe Union, Suite 377 Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 