s studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship sponsorship levels Sponsorship Levels Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship sponsorship levels Sponsorship Levels Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship sponsorship levels Sponsorship Levels Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship sponsorship levels Sponsorship Levels Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship sponsorship levels Sponsorship Levels Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship sponsorship levels Sponsorship Levels Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship sponsorship levels Sponsorship Levels Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship sponsorship levels Sponsorship Levels Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship sponsorship levels Sponsorship Levels Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship sponsorship levels Sponsorship Levels Division of Student Affairs  Sponsorship Levels | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Sponsorship Levels Signature Program Sponsorship Opportunities Signature Partners receive the year-long visibility with UNT’s incoming families, and are rewarded for their investment through the contacts and connections our programs offer for outreach to potential customers. Emerald Partner: $50,000  Designated the Official Sponsor of Orientation. Provides opportunity to be in front of over 16,000 students and parents on a personal level. Logo presence in all student and parent schedules related Orientation, First Flight, Eagle Camp, and Family Weekend programs One-color logo presence on one side of the bags distributed to all Student and Parent Orientation attendees Contact information of all new students (freshman and transfer) who register for orientation, as well as parents who register for Parent Orientation (approximately 10,000 during the summer) Opportunity to address attendees at each Orientation Welcome Opportunity to address parents at one additional orientation event (to be agreed upon by sponsor and Orientation office) Opportunity to participate in the Parent Orientation Coffee Break Opportunity to participate in Parent Orientation receptions (2 per freshman session) 3-1/2 full-page color ads in the Connections Magazine (pending confirmation of sponsorship prior to March 15) Public address and video screen recognition during the tuition drawing conducted at half-time of the Family Weekend football game Logo presence on a small promotional item given to all Eagle Camp campers (TBD) (i.e.: sunscreen, hand sanitizer, etc.) Sponsorship recognition in all event advertisements and on the official event website Gold Partner: $10,000  A reserved, high traffic table at all Orientation Resource Fairs* (*University commitments prevent certain vendors from participating in one or both Resource Fairs. For questions regarding exclusions, contact Stephanie Brown at stephanie.brown2@unt.edu. ) One full-page color ad in the Connections Magazine (pending confirmation of sponsorship prior to March 15). Name listed as sponsor in the Orientation Welcome slideshow Sponsorship recognition at the Parent Orientation Coffee Break Opportunity to participate in Parent Orientation Coffee Break Ability for representatives to network with parents at one Parent Orientation reception Logo presence on promotional materials related to First Flight, Eagle Camp, and Family Weekend programs Orientation and Transition Partner: $5,000 Participation in all Orientation Resource Fairs* (*University commitments prevent certain vendors from participating in one or both Resource Fairs. For questions regarding exclusions, contact Stephanie Brown at stephanie.brown2@unt.edu) A full-page color ad in the Connections magazine  In-Kind Donations  In kind donations are reviewed on a case-by-case basis, and cannot exceed $500 in value per interested party. Please contact Stephanie Brown for more information at 940.565.4198 or stephanie.brown2@unt.edu.   Orientation Resource Fair & Advertising Opportunities Resource Fairs  Each orientation session has time designated for students and family members to visit booths representing various aspects of the community. Resource Fair participants have the unique opportunity to interact one-on-one with orientation participants, and share marketing and promotional materials. Resource Fair Type External Company Cost UNT Department Cost Transfer Orientation ONLY $2,500 $0 Freshman Orientation ONLY $2,500 $0 Both $4,000 $0 Information about resource fair locations, including the time of the event and location, can be found on the Resource Fairs webpage as well as in the confirmation emails sent to participating vendors prior to each orientation session. If you are a registered sponsor and are not receiving confirmation emails, please email freshman@unt.edu. Reminder emails will be sent two business days prior to each session. ***University commitments prevent certain vendors from participating in one or both Resource Fairs. For questions regarding exclusions, contact Stephanie Brown at stephanie.brown2@unt.edu.***  Connections Magazine Ads  EVERY Orientation participant, students and family members, receives a copy of the “Connection Magazine.” This full- color publication offers a convenient and affordable way for local businesses and services to reach the orientation audience. The magazine also includes information from on-campus departments, programs and services. We would love for you to consider designing your Connections ad like a coupon. You’ll be able to measure the impact of your investment, and this tactic might motivate our students and parents to pay your establishment a visit.   1/4 page B&W Print 1/4 page Color Print 1/2 page B&W Print 1/2 page Color Print Full page B&W Print Full Page Color Print External Companies $400 $550 $600 $750 $900 $1,500 UNT Departments $125 $200 $200 $400 $400 $700 Back Cover           $3,000   When Is Orientation? The Orientation dates for 2017 can be found by using the links below. Please note: Parent Orientation runs concurrently with each session. Freshman Orientation Transfer/Summer Orientation Dates Become a Sponsor  Register as a UNT Department  |  Register as a Business Sponsorship Resource Fairs Student Organizations Sponsorship Levels Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 