 emergency   get prepared Get Prepared Risk Management Services emergency   get prepared Get Prepared Risk Management Services emergency   get prepared Get Prepared Risk Management Services emergency   get prepared Get Prepared Risk Management Services emergency   get prepared Get Prepared Risk Management Services emergency   get prepared Get Prepared Risk Management Services emergency   get prepared Get Prepared Risk Management Services emergency   get prepared Get Prepared Risk Management Services emergency   get prepared Get Prepared Risk Management Services emergency   get prepared Get Prepared Risk Management Services  Get Prepared... | Risk Management Services Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Risk Management Services Emergency Management Home Get Prepared Safety Coordinator Program Business Continuity Program Evacuation & Shelter Maps About Us Contact Us Get Prepared Get Prepared Home AED Locations Active Shooter Bomb Threat ADA Resources Emergency Supply Kits Fire Evacuation Severe Weather Home RMS Home Stay Informed ICS & NIMS Training News & Media Sharepoint User login UNT EUID: * Password: * Navigation Events News HomeGet Prepared... The University of North Texas recognizes the threats posed by natural and man-made hazards and strives to maintain a proactive approach in preparing for such events. To increase individual readiness, UNT encourages faculty, staff, and students to educate themselves on how to respond during emergency situations. While UNT takes proactive steps to issue warnings for events that threaten life and safety, many events take place before a warning can be issued. Because of this, it is important that individuals prepare themselves to respond to situations that occur with little to no warning. GET PREPARED offers recommendations for how to prepare and quickly respond to emergency situations on our campus. If you, your department, or building would like to receive additional training or have questions regarding emergency preparedness, please contact Emergency Management personnel at: (940) 565-2109 Emergency.managent@unt.edu Contact Us: Emergency Management 700 North Texas Blvd Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: (940) 565-2109 Fax: (940) 565-4919 http://emergency.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. emergency.management@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? jonathan.dowd@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 28, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 