 studentaffairs   off campus student services Off Campus Student Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   off campus student services Off Campus Student Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   off campus student services Off Campus Student Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   off campus student services Off Campus Student Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   off campus student services Off Campus Student Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   off campus student services Off Campus Student Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   off campus student services Off Campus Student Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   off campus student services Off Campus Student Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   off campus student services Off Campus Student Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   off campus student services Off Campus Student Services Division of Student Affairs  Off-Campus Student Services | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Activities Center » Home About Us Programs and Services Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Activities Center Home About Us Programs and Services Guides Contact DSA Home Off-Campus Student Services What is Off-Campus Student Services? Off-Campus Student Services, part of Student Activities, serves as a liaison between students and departments that provide services for off-campus students. Providing resources and services directed towards the commuter, off-campus, and non-traditional student population, as well as raising the awareness of these students, Off-Campus Student Services sponsors several programs and activities to assist students in their overall collegiate experience. Services include assistance on locating off-campus housing, information on commuter and transportation services (i.e. carpooling, bus schedules, etc.), as well as coordinating and co-sponsoring events such as Commuter Week and Housing Fairs. You can like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter! DCTA Connect Service Changing DCTA will implement new service changes in May 2017. The proposed Denton Connect Bus service changes are quite extensive and we want to ensure that riders are well informed. For more information, click here. OCSS Hotline Want to keep up with all of our events? Well, now you can! Call the OCSS Hotline 24/7 at 972-913-OCSS (6277). It's updated weekly. Coffee & Convos This is an ongoing program that grants both non-traditional and graduate students the opportunity to engage their professors in conversations outside of the classroom and begin building relationships with them. Students may pick up tickets from Student Activities (Union 345) for themselves and a professor after completing a quick pre-assessment. After you meet with your professor, you will complete a quick post-assessment and then get a free t-shirt and you will also be entered for a chance to win a $100 Barnes & Noble at UNT credit! This can be used for books, supplies, and/or UNT apparel. Last day to pick up tickets for Spring 2017 was April 21, tickets expire May 2. Fall 2017 sign up coming in August 2017. Nest Watchers Nest Watchers connects current UNT student-parents who express a need for babysitting services with current UNT students who are interested in babysitting. For more information click here. Get Connected Getting involved on campus is a great way for you to have a one-of-a-kind Mean Green experience, and Student Activities is here to help you create that experience, via a peer-to-peer service called Involvement Advising. The goal of Involvement Advising is to help you find a campus event, group, organization, and/or department, where you can connect with other students who have similar interests and find your fit here at UNT. During an Involvement Advising appointment, you'll meet with a Campus Life Ambassador. The CLA team is a group of highly-involved students who will help you create a tailored list of opportunities. To request an appointment, click here.   Off-Campus Student Services Non-Traditional Students Commuter Students Events Resources Contact Us Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 