 emergency   stay informed Stay Informed Risk Management Services emergency   stay informed Stay Informed Risk Management Services emergency   stay informed Stay Informed Risk Management Services emergency   stay informed Stay Informed Risk Management Services emergency   stay informed Stay Informed Risk Management Services emergency   stay informed Stay Informed Risk Management Services emergency   stay informed Stay Informed Risk Management Services emergency   stay informed Stay Informed Risk Management Services emergency   stay informed Stay Informed Risk Management Services emergency   stay informed Stay Informed Risk Management Services  Stay Informed | Risk Management Services Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Risk Management Services Emergency Management Home Get Prepared Safety Coordinator Program Business Continuity Program Evacuation & Shelter Maps About Us Contact Us Home RMS Home Stay Informed ICS & NIMS Training News & Media Sharepoint User login UNT EUID: * Password: * Navigation Events News HomeStay Informed Eagle Alert Eagle Alert is a mass notification system utilized by UNT to quickly send information about emergency situations to the University community. Eagle Alert is used for critical situations, such as campus closings and public safety emergencies. All students, faculty, and staff are automatically enrolled in Eagle Alert using the telephone numbers you provided to UNT during the registration or hiring process. Log in at my.unt.edu to ensure your contact information is correct and get in the habit of updating the information as soon as it changes. Code Red The City of Denton utilizes a mass notification system called Code Red to notify residents of the presence of emergency conditions. This service is provided free of charge to all residents living within the City of Denton. However, unlike Eagle Alert, you must sign up for this service. Visit the City of Denton Emergency Management webpage to learn more. Outdoor Warning Sirens To warn residents of approaching severe weather, the City of Denton has positioned 16 Outdoor Warning Sirens around Denton, including three on the UNT main campus, one in the Mean Green Village and one at Discovery Park. When activated, the sirens emit an audible tone to warn residents they should take shelter indoors. The purpose of these sirens is to direct residents to go indoors (residents may not hear the sirens if they are already indoors). When you hear the sirens, go inside and listen to KNTU 88.1 FM for more information. The outdoor warning sirens are tested at noon on the first Wednesday of every month.  In the event of inclement weather the siren test will be postponed until the second Wednesday of the month. Learn more at the City of Denton Emergency Management webpage. All Hazards Radio Network The National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) provides a nationwide network of radio stations, which broadcasts continuous weather information.  The service is provided at no cost to those who own a weather radio. Owning a weather radio allows you to receive information 24 hours a day, 7 days a week about life-threatening hazards and keeps you aware of any changing situations.  When severe weather or other hazardous situations are expected, the radio will sound an alert, warning users that a watch or warning is in affect for the area. You can program your weather radio to receive updates for multiple cities or counties. Specific tones or alarms can be assigned to alert you for varying situations. All weather radios have the option of becoming battery operated, so in the event of a power failure, you can continue to receive critical information. Weather radios may be purchased at many retail outlets including electronic, sporting goods, or outdoor departments. They can also be purchased via the Internet from online retailers or directly from manufacturers. The National Weather Service website includes lists of manufacturers and sellers of weather radios. Midland Radio Manual UNT departments with the Midland WR-300/301 may download the Owner's Manual (PDF). Watches vs. Warnings vs. Advisory Warning: A warning is issued when a hazardous weather or hydrologic event is occurring, imminent or likely. A warning means weather conditions pose a threat to life or property. People in the path of the storm need to take protective action. Watch: A watch is used when the risk of a hazardous weather or hydrologic event has increased significantly, but its occurrence, location or timing is still uncertain. It is intended to provide enough lead time so that those who need to set their plans in motion can do so. A watch means that hazardous weather is possible. People should have a plan of action in case a storm threatens and they should listen for later information and possible warnings especially when planning travel or outdoor activities. Advisory: An advisory is issued when a hazardous weather or hydrologic event is occurring, imminent or likely. Advisories are for less serious conditions than warnings, that cause significant inconvenience and if caution is not exervised, could lead to situations that may threaten life or property. Contact Us: Emergency Management 700 North Texas Blvd Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: (940) 565-2109 Fax: (940) 565-4919 http://emergency.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. emergency.management@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? jonathan.dowd@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 28, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 