 emergency   ics nims training ICS NIMS Training Risk Management Services emergency   ics nims training ICS NIMS Training Risk Management Services emergency   ics nims training ICS NIMS Training Risk Management Services emergency   ics nims training ICS NIMS Training Risk Management Services emergency   ics nims training ICS NIMS Training Risk Management Services emergency   ics nims training ICS NIMS Training Risk Management Services emergency   ics nims training ICS NIMS Training Risk Management Services emergency   ics nims training ICS NIMS Training Risk Management Services emergency   ics nims training ICS NIMS Training Risk Management Services emergency   ics nims training ICS NIMS Training Risk Management Services  ICS & NIMS Training | Risk Management Services Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Risk Management Services Emergency Management Home Get Prepared Safety Coordinator Program Business Continuity Program Evacuation & Shelter Maps About Us Contact Us Home RMS Home Stay Informed ICS & NIMS Training News & Media Sharepoint User login UNT EUID: * Password: * Navigation Events News HomeICS & NIMS Training The U.S. Department of Homeland Security recommends all "key personnel" involved in school emergency management and incident response be trained in the National Incident Management System and the Incident Command System. Because the process for defining key personnel is complex and universities have frequently requested feedback, the Department of Education has developed recommendations for consideration when determining who should be trained in which courses. "Key personnel" can be defined as any of the following: General Personnel - Personnel with any role in emergency preparedness, incdident management, or response. General personnel may include: Facilities, Housing, and Food Preperation Staff Coaches and  Athletic Staff Educators/Faculty Technology Specialists Resource staff and support personnel   Critical Personnel - Personnel with a critical role in response such as Incident Commander, command staff, general staff, or member of another key campus emergency management team. Command Staff - refers to any staff that serves as incident commander, public information officer, safety officer, or liason officer. General Staff - includes any staff that serves on the Incident Management Team or in the EOC as part of planning, operations, logistics, or finance and administration branches of the Incident Command System.   Leadership Personnel - Personnel with leadhership role and are typically obgligated to command and/or manage incidents that occured on the campus. Leadership personnel also include those who would likely be integrated into a more advacned ICS role should it become necessary, i.e., integrating with other local emergency management operations. Leaderhip personnel may include the following personnel: UNT President Provost Cheif of Police Risk Manager Emergency Management Coordinator   ICS / NIMS Training Matrix    * Not available online. Course must be taken in person. Please contact Emergency Management personnel to assist with scheduling. Online Courses: ICS-100.HE: Introduction to the Incident Command System for Higher Education ICS-200: ICS for Single Resources and Initial Action Incidents ICS-700: National Incident Management System (NIMS) An Introduction ICS-800: National Response Framework (NRF) An Introduction All Training Courses Contact Us: Emergency Management 700 North Texas Blvd Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: (940) 565-2109 Fax: (940) 565-4919 http://emergency.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. emergency.management@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? jonathan.dowd@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 28, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 