 emergency   em news News Risk Management Services emergency   em news News Risk Management Services emergency   em news News Risk Management Services emergency   em news News Risk Management Services emergency   em news News Risk Management Services emergency   em news News Risk Management Services emergency   em news News Risk Management Services emergency   em news News Risk Management Services emergency   em news News Risk Management Services emergency   em news News Risk Management Services  News | Risk Management Services Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Risk Management Services Emergency Management Home Get Prepared Safety Coordinator Program Business Continuity Program Evacuation & Shelter Maps About Us Contact Us Home RMS Home Stay Informed ICS & NIMS Training News & Media Sharepoint User login UNT EUID: * Password: * Navigation Events News HomeNews Mean Green Ready: UNT Emergency Management Team Releases New App Submitted by Justin Stewart on Thu, 09/29/2016 - 11:39 We are excited to announce our brand new “Mean Green Ready” mobile app from UNT Emergency Management! The Mean Green Ready mobile app is designed to support emergency preparedness within the UNT campus community by providing quick and easy access to general emergency guidelines, resources, maps, important numbers and contact information for use by faculty, staff and students.   Read more UNT Office of Emergency Management named StormReady, weather ambassador Submitted by Jonathan Dowd on Wed, 08/03/2016 - 07:49 The University of North Texas Office of Emergency Management has been recognized by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association as StormReady for the second consecutive term, and as a first time Weather-Ready Nation Ambassador. These honors affirm the OEM’s ability to monitor weather conditions and keep the UNT community prepared in case of hazardous conditions.   Read more New Website Under Development - Projected Launch Date for Fall 2016 Submitted by Jonathan Dowd on Tue, 11/05/2013 - 09:37 Emergency Management is proud to announce that a new website is under development. The new Emergency Management website will be updated with: New and intuitive layout that follows existing UNT websites and is easy to nagivate. Up-to-date news concerning emergency management. Access to training material and planning tools. Ability to provide feedback to emergency management. Thank you for your patience while the new site is under developement.   -Emergency Management Staff Contact Us: Emergency Management 700 North Texas Blvd Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: (940) 565-2109 Fax: (940) 565-4919 http://emergency.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. emergency.management@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? jonathan.dowd@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 28, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 