 emergency   news and events News and Events Risk Management Services emergency   news and events News and Events Risk Management Services emergency   news and events News and Events Risk Management Services emergency   news and events News and Events Risk Management Services emergency   news and events News and Events Risk Management Services emergency   news and events News and Events Risk Management Services emergency   news and events News and Events Risk Management Services emergency   news and events News and Events Risk Management Services emergency   news and events News and Events Risk Management Services emergency   news and events News and Events Risk Management Services  News and Events | Risk Management Services Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Risk Management Services Emergency Management Home Get Prepared Safety Coordinator Program Business Continuity Program Evacuation & Shelter Maps About Us Contact Us Home RMS Home Stay Informed ICS & NIMS Training News & Media Sharepoint User login UNT EUID: * Password: * Navigation Events News HomeNews and Events Mean Green Ready: UNT Emergency Management Team Releases New App We are excited to announce our brand new “Mean Green Ready” mobile app from UNT Emergency Management! The Mean Green Ready mobile app is designed to support emergency preparedness within the UNT campus community by providing quick and easy access to general emergency guidelines, resources, maps, important numbers and contact information for use by faculty, staff and students.   Some specific examples of useful information readily available in the app are building evacuation routes and shelter areas, exact AED locations, emergency phone locations on campus and emergency guidance for select emergency situations such as active shooter, fire, hazardous materials and severe weather.   The Mean Green Ready app is a valuable tool right in the palm of your hand. We encourage all faculty, staff and students to download the app and help promote emergency preparedness and safety at UNT. Download the app today at https://guidebook.com/app/Emergency and be Mean Green Ready!   UNT Office of Emergency Management named StormReady, weather ambassador The University of North Texas Office of Emergency Management has been recognized by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association as StormReady for the second consecutive term, and as a first time Weather-Ready Nation Ambassador. These honors affirm the OEM’s ability to monitor weather conditions and keep the UNT community prepared in case of hazardous conditions.   “The UNT OEM has the facilities and resources not only to closely monitor hazardous weather that threatens the campus, but communication tools to get the word out quickly for the protection of students, faculty and campus officials,” said Eric Martello, senior meteorologist for the National Weather Service.   The StormReady designation has to be renewed every three years and requires the OEM to establish a 24-hour warning point and emergency operations center, have more than one way to receive severe weather warnings and alert the public, create a system to monitor weather conditions locally and develop a formal hazardous weather plan.   “We are happy to have successfully earned renewal of our StormReady University status from the National Weather Service,” said Scotie Selman, UNT program director for emergency management. “Our status as a StormReady Uuniversity signifies that the university’s severe weather plans, procedures and resources continue to meet or exceed National Weather Service standards. It further demonstrates the commitment that exists within the organization to provide a safe environment for our campus community.”   Being named a Weather-Ready Nation Ambassador honors the OEM’s ability to improve the community’s readiness for dangerous weather, water and climate events.   “UNT's weather ready ambassador status indicates a responsiveness and resiliency should an extreme weather event affect the UNT campus,” Martello said. To achieve Weather-Ready Nation Ambassador status, the OEM has to collaborate with NOAA personnel, share success stories of preparedness and resilience and serve as an example by educating employees on workplace readiness. “There are only a total of 196 universities and colleges out of an estimated 4,726 in the US that have been recognized as a StormReady University,” Selman said. “To be recognized as both a StormReady University and Weather-Ready Nation Ambassador is another accomplishment that sets UNT apart from all the rest. It also validates the hard work of the entire emergency management team and demonstrates the tremendous support we have received from the campus community.”   New Website Under Development - Projected Launch Date for Fall 2016 Emergency Management is proud to announce that a new website is under development. The new Emergency Management website will be updated with: New and intuitive layout that follows existing UNT websites and is easy to nagivate. Up-to-date news concerning emergency management. Access to training material and planning tools. Ability to provide feedback to emergency management. Thank you for your patience while the new site is under developement.   -Emergency Management Staff Contact Us: Emergency Management 700 North Texas Blvd Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: (940) 565-2109 Fax: (940) 565-4919 http://emergency.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. emergency.management@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? jonathan.dowd@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 28, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 