 deanofstudents   compliance dfsca Drug Free Schools and Communities Act DFSCA Dean of Students deanofstudents   compliance dfsca Drug Free Schools and Communities Act DFSCA Dean of Students deanofstudents   compliance dfsca Drug Free Schools and Communities Act DFSCA Dean of Students deanofstudents   compliance dfsca Drug Free Schools and Communities Act DFSCA Dean of Students deanofstudents   compliance dfsca Drug Free Schools and Communities Act DFSCA Dean of Students deanofstudents   compliance dfsca Drug Free Schools and Communities Act DFSCA Dean of Students deanofstudents   compliance dfsca Drug Free Schools and Communities Act DFSCA Dean of Students deanofstudents   compliance dfsca Drug Free Schools and Communities Act DFSCA Dean of Students deanofstudents   compliance dfsca Drug Free Schools and Communities Act DFSCA Dean of Students deanofstudents   compliance dfsca Drug Free Schools and Communities Act DFSCA Dean of Students  Drug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) | Dean of Students Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About Us » About Us Staff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies Resources » Resources CARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual Misconduct » Sexual Misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Safety » Safety Missing Resident Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Drug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Fallen Eagles Conduct » Conduct Alcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQ » FAQ Students Parents DSA Home Search form Search Dean of Students MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Division of Student Affairs Dean of Students Main menu Home About UsStaff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies ResourcesCARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual Misconduct SafetyDrug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Missing Resident Fallen Eagles ConductAlcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQStudents Parents DSA Home Drug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) The Drug-Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) of 1989 - also known as the Drug-Free Schools and Campuses Act - requires institutions of higher education to establish policies that address unlawful possession, use, or distribution of alcohol and illicit drugs. The DFSCA also requires the establishment of a drug and alcohol prevention program. All members of the UNT Community are encouraged to review the information on the following pages. This information is distributed on an annual basis Students, faculty, and staff may request information about the Drug Free Schools and Campuses Review by contacting the Dean of Students at 940-565-2648. The full report is attached here. Standards of Conduct Use of illegal drugs, and the illegal use of alcoholic beverages, is identified as "conduct which adversely affects the university community." University regulations prohibit any unlawful possession, use, distribution, or sale of alcohol and other drugs by University students, faculty, staff, or guests to the University, on University-owned property and at all University sponsored activities. University of North Texas students are also prohibited from the illegal use of drugs or alcohol whether on or off campus. The legal age for the consumption of alcohol is 21 years of age. Any underage student consuming alcohol is violating standards for student conduct. Additionally, excessive alcohol use can lead to additional violations, such as driving while intoxicated or public intoxication. Students living on campus (UNT Housing) should note that "The Housing and Residence Life Department has a zero tolerance policy when it comes to illegal drug use or possession." Disciplinary Sanctions The penalties for misconduct range from admonition to expulsion. Typically, students who have violated the Code of Student Conduct will be referred to the Substance Abuse Resource Center to complete an individualized education plan. A Health and Substance Abuse Educator will meet with the student and complete an assessment covering alcohol and other drug use history, reason for referral, family and personal history, health concerns, safety issues, and the consequences associated with use. The educator will also assess the student's readiness for change and establish behavior change goals. Faculty sanctions are listed under the UNT Faculty Discipline Policy. Staff sanctions are listed under the Performance Counseling and Discipline Policy. Health Risks Specific serious health risks are associated with the use of alcohol and illicit drugs. Some of the major risks are listed below. For more information contact the Wellness Resource Service Center at 1700 West Chestnut, or by calling 940-565-2787. You may also contact the Substance Abuse and Resource Center at University Union 372, or by calling 940-565-3177. Alcohol and Other Depressants (barbiturates, sedatives, and tranquilizers) Addiction, accidents as a result of impaired ability and judgment, alcohol poisoning, overdose when used with other depressants, damage to a developing fetus, heart and liver damage. Marijuana Impair short-term memory, thinking, and physical coordination. Can cause panic reaction and increase the risk of lung cancer and emphysema. Can interfere with judgment, attention span, concentration, and overall intellectual performance. Impairs driving ability. May cause psychological dependence and compromise the immune system. Cocaine Addiction, cardiovascular system damage including heart attack, brain damage, seizures, lung damage, severe depression, paranoia, psychosis. Similar risks are associated with other stimulants, such as speed and uppers. Nicotine Tobacco smoke contains thousands of chemical compounds, many of which are know to cause cancer. Nicotine, which is a central nervous system stimulant, produces an increase in heart and respiration rates, blood pressure, adrenaline production and metabolism. People can rapidly become physically and psychologically dependent on tobacco. Compromises the immune system. Inhalants Inhalants are a diverse group of chemicals that easily evaporate and can cause intoxication when their vapors are inhaled. Most inhalants are central nervous system depressants. Use of these drugs slows down many body functions. High does can cause severe breathing failure and sudden death. Chronic abuse of some of these chemicals can lead to irreversible liver damage and other health problems. Prescription Drug Abuse Adverse reactions, dependency, withdrawal, and overdose. Treatment Options A variety of resources exist for alcohol and other drug prevention education, counseling and referral. For detailed information concerning these resources available from the University and community agencies, students may contact the Wellness Resource Service Center at 1700 West Chestnut, or by calling 940-565-2787. You may also contact the Substance Abuse and Resource Center at University Union 372, or by calling 940-565-3177. Faculty and staff members may contact the Employee Assistance Program at 1-800-343-3822 or Human Resources at 940-565-4817. Meadows Center for Health Resources Substance Abuse Resource Center - 940-565-2787 Individual assessment and counseling for UNT students: 1.Early intervention, assessment, education, and referral 2.Educational sessions for those concerned about alcohol or other drug use 3.Judicial (Mandatory) referrals 4.State mandated offender programs 5.Mean Green Screen - personalized screen for alcohal use 6.Harm reduction training 7.Support Groups Educational Programs 1.Speakers on a wide variety of topics related to drug and alcohol use 2.Training for Intervention Procedures (TIPS) 3.Choices 4.Alcohol, drug, and marijuana use programs available by appointment Events 1.Alcohol and drug free events 2.Safer Spring Break 3.Make Tailgating Yours (UNT Football games) 4.Keeping it Safe and Sober (KISS) Party February 5.Mocktail Parties 6.Drunk Driving Simulator Activity 7.Drunk Driving Awareness & Driver Safety Activities Student Health and Wellness Center - 940-565-2333 Medical and Psychiatric Service Counseling and Testing Services - 940-565-2741 Professional, confidential consultation/screenings and counseling services UNT Police Department - 940-565-3000 Presentations on legal aspects of alcohol and other drug use and related issues Dean of Students - 940-565-2039 Address the Code of Student Conduct, enforces policies and procedures, and provides students with resources necessary to resolve personal disputes. Student Legal Services - 940-565-2631 Legal advice and counsel. UNT Human Resources Department - 940-565-4817 Services, guidance, education, and training (faculty and staff), mandatory referrals to Employee Assistance Program (EAP) (faculty and staff), enforces policies and procedures for staff; assistance with disciplinary action for staff; assistance with mediation procedures through the Alternate Dispute Resolution (ADR) program for faculty and staff. EAP (Alliance Work Partners) - 1-800-343-3822 Short term counseling and referral for qualified employees. Online resources, education and training. Safety Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Drug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Missing Resident Visit Us University Union 1155 Union Circle, Suite 409 Denton, Texas 76203 Mail Us Division of Student Affairs 1155 Union Circle #305008 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2648 deanofstudents@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 