s it   techtour10 Tech Tour Stop 10 Legal Entertainment University Information Technology s it   techtour10 Tech Tour Stop 10 Legal Entertainment University Information Technology s it   techtour10 Tech Tour Stop 10 Legal Entertainment University Information Technology s it   techtour10 Tech Tour Stop 10 Legal Entertainment University Information Technology s it   techtour10 Tech Tour Stop 10 Legal Entertainment University Information Technology s it   techtour10 Tech Tour Stop 10 Legal Entertainment University Information Technology s it   techtour10 Tech Tour Stop 10 Legal Entertainment University Information Technology s it   techtour10 Tech Tour Stop 10 Legal Entertainment University Information Technology s it   techtour10 Tech Tour Stop 10 Legal Entertainment University Information Technology s it   techtour10 Tech Tour Stop 10 Legal Entertainment University Information Technology   Tech Tour, Stop #10: Legal Entertainment | University Information Technology Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology UIT Tech Tour Menu » 1. Help Desk Information 2. Account Management System, EagleConnect 3. myUNT, EagleAlert, Ask UNT 4. Online, Blended Learning 5. Student Computer Labs 6. Securing Your Data: Backing It Up 7. Wireless Connections 8. Wireless Connections for Residence Halls 9. Copyright Law, IT and You 10. Legal Downloads, Entertainment 11. Discounts on Hardware, Software 12. More IT Resources Search form Search University Information Technology MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University Information Technology Main menu Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology Tech Tour, Stop #10: Legal Entertainment UIT Tech Tour Menu 1. Help Desk Information 2. Account Management System, EagleConnect 3. myUNT, EagleAlert, Ask UNT 4. Online, Blended Learning 5. Student Computer Labs 6. Securing Your Data: Backing It Up 7. Wireless Connections 8. Wireless Connections for Residence Halls 9. Copyright Law, IT and You 10. Legal Downloads, Entertainment 11. Discounts on Hardware, Software 12. More IT Resources About UIT Overview • UIT Phone Directory   • IT User Services    • Instructional IT Services    • Research IT Services   • Student Success Technology   • UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more!   Stop #10 is about music, videos and more for legal eagles. On the previous page, you learned about copyright, fair use and infringement. Now it is time to look at legal sources for your entertainment. Trying to stay up-to-date on the availability of music and video resources online and otherwise is often a challenge. The list of websites and resources below is only a jumping-off point. Remember, Google (or insert your favorite search engine name here) is your friend. Looking for something? Search the World Wide Web; it is probably out there! Whatever you do, always stay on the legal side of finding your entertainment. The Recording Industry Association of America®, RIAA, and/or the the Motion Picture Association of America, MPAA, may be watching. Seriously. UNT takes a hard stance against the illegal sharing of copyright-protected material; for more information please read UNT's Approach to Addressing Copyright Infringement. The RIAA has set up this page containing some of the more popular legal online music sources to help you access music online legally. ResNet and the Residence Halls The University of North Texas has partnered with Apogee in order to provide Residential Network, called ResNet, service. You can view Apogee’s end-user agreement at https://www.myresnet.com/pdf/eua.pdf. Additionally, EDUCAUSE, A nonprofit association whose mission is to advance higher education by promoting the intelligent use of information technology, has created a page that provides resources for legal campus downloading. Some of the sites they list for legal music downloads are listed below. Your options include the following. Buy music.    iTunes.com   |   Buy.com   |   MSN Music   |   Walmart Music Purchase subscriptions.    Rhapsody Listen to music online.    Spotify   |   Pandora   |   AOL Music   |   MP3.com   |   Last.fm Get music for free.    Amazon.com – 400 pages of free songs   |   Free Music Downloads on Last.fm   |   BearShare On the Internet Many websites offer a combination of music and videos for sale and, at times, free. iTunes, for example, offers music, movies, TV shows, books and podcasts. Additionally, iTunes U -- "Free lectures from top institutions." In addition to providing music and videos – for sale and free – AOL Music has an "Online Radio" area that offers Free Internet Radio Stations. Yahoo! Music has been the "go to" place for listening to music online for a long time. It continues to offer free access to Internet radio, music videos, artist interviews, and lots more. MTV has all kinds of free music, videos, and music videos. About.com gives you the scoop on how to Watch Free Music Videos From MTV and more. Also available from About.com, A Comprehensive Guide to the Best Sites for Free Movie Downloads. VH1 has a site with a similar look and feel of the MTV website. Magnatune:  offers "independent music to listen, download or license." On Campus A great source of free music and videos on campus is the University of North Texas Libraries. Specifically, the Media Library and the Music Library. Also worth noting is the Media Library's Film Series. More sources for movies, both on-campus and for download can be found at the Libraries' Online Media page. You can read more about the UNT Libraries and their assets here. The University Program Council hosts movies and events, most of them are free. Also, check out the campus calendar. You can filter for the types of events according to interest. <<< Return to beginning of tour   |   Next stop on the tour >>> Please participate in the Help Desk Client Feedback Survey. Visit Us Sage Hall 1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 