  registrar   transcripts and records enrollment verification certification Enrollment Verification Certification Registrar  registrar   transcripts and records enrollment verification certification Enrollment Verification Certification Registrar  registrar   transcripts and records enrollment verification certification Enrollment Verification Certification Registrar  registrar   transcripts and records enrollment verification certification Enrollment Verification Certification Registrar  registrar   transcripts and records enrollment verification certification Enrollment Verification Certification Registrar  registrar   transcripts and records enrollment verification certification Enrollment Verification Certification Registrar  registrar   transcripts and records enrollment verification certification Enrollment Verification Certification Registrar  registrar   transcripts and records enrollment verification certification Enrollment Verification Certification Registrar  registrar   transcripts and records enrollment verification certification Enrollment Verification Certification Registrar  registrar   transcripts and records enrollment verification certification Enrollment Verification Certification Registrar  Enrollment Verification / Certification | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us   Registration Transcripts and RecordsOrder a Transcript Update Your Personal Information Withhold or Release Your Personal Information Enrollment Verification / Certification Residency Information Grades Exams Graduation and Diplomas Veterans and Military Home » Transcripts and Records » Enrollment Verification / CertificationEnrollment Verification / Certification Verification of Enrollment/Enrollment Certificate UNT student enrollment verifications are supplied by the National Student Clearinghouse (NSC). Third parties such as health care companies, prospective employers, or insurance agencies seeking verification of enrollment may contact the NSC online by going to https://secure.studentclearinghouse.org/vs/Index. Student Enrollment Verification Self-Service Current and former UNT students may request their own enrollment verification/certification through a direct link in MyUNT. Enrollment verification certificates printed via the National Student Clearinghouse (NSC) should be accepted as official and can be used for insurance companies, scholarships, military IDs, employment and all other services that require proof of enrollment at the University of North Texas. Students are encouraged to obtain enrollment verification via the NSC. The Clearinghouse provides student with instant access to their enrollment information 24 hours/day, 7 days/week at no charge. Verifications of enrollment may be accessed as follows: Log into MyUNT.edu with your EUID and password. (For help with your EUID and password, please contact the UNT Help Desk at 940-565-2324) Select the Enrollment button from the left hand menu. Select Enrollment Verification from the left hand menu. A new browser window will open, redirecting you to the National Student Clearinghouse self-service site. Select “Obtain an enrollment certificate” and follow the prompts to request a certificate verifying your enrollment for the current term or for all enrollments at UNT. Third Party Verification Request For those wishing to verify the enrollment or degree of a University of North Texas student, please visit the National Student Clearinghouse (NSC) website to obtain this information quickly, securely, and legally. Enrollment Reporting Initial enrollment data will be submitted to the National Student Clearinghouse (NSC) on the first day of classes.  Student enrollment information will be updated regularly during the academic term.  To request an enrollment verification/certification reflecting registered hours for a future term, please contact the Registrar’s Office directly. How to Request Degree Verification / Certification and Statements of Standing Students may request official verification of enrollment, classification, degrees received, and academic status for business employment and financial aid purposes. Authenticity of Official Documents Official transcripts and certification letters are produced on colored security paper that does not require a raised seal. The school seal and the registrar's name are incorporated in the paper. A black and white copy is not official. When photocopied the word "copy" and the school name should appear. Enrollment verification certificates printed via the National Student Clearinghouse (NSC) should be accepted as official and can be used for insurance companies, scholarships, military IDs, employment and all other services that require proof of enrollment at the University of North Texas. Additional Resources For more information, contact the Registrar's Information Counter by calling 940-565-2111 or visiting Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC) Room 147.   Registration Info Find Classes Get Advised   Registration GuidesSpring 2017 Summer 2017 Fall 2017 Academic Catalog View All Forms Instructions for using MyUNT and EIS   Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building http://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 