 geography   academic programs graduate program Graduate Programs Department of Geography and the Environment geography   academic programs graduate program Graduate Programs Department of Geography and the Environment geography   academic programs graduate program Graduate Programs Department of Geography and the Environment geography   academic programs graduate program Graduate Programs Department of Geography and the Environment geography   academic programs graduate program Graduate Programs Department of Geography and the Environment geography   academic programs graduate program Graduate Programs Department of Geography and the Environment geography   academic programs graduate program Graduate Programs Department of Geography and the Environment geography   academic programs graduate program Graduate Programs Department of Geography and the Environment geography   academic programs graduate program Graduate Programs Department of Geography and the Environment geography   academic programs graduate program Graduate Programs Department of Geography and the Environment  Graduate Programs | Department of Geography and the Environment Skip to main content MyUNT Blackboard Find People at UNT View Maps of UNT Give to UNT Apply online College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences Department of Geography and the Environment HomeAbout UsAcademic ProgramsUndergraduate ProgramGraduate ProgramsFunding OpportunitiesGIS CertificateField SchoolsCourse ResourcesResearchGlobalization, Development and CitiesHuman Systems and the EnvironmentEarth Science and ModelingEnvironmental ArchaeologyPeopleFacultyStaffTeaching AssistantsNewsEventsInternships and Career Information Home Academic Programs Graduate Programs Academic Programs Undergraduate Program Graduate ProgramsResearch Master's Description Research Master's Admission Professional Master’s Description Professional Master’s Admission Financial Aid Forms Funding Opportunities GIS Certificate Field Schools Course Resources Graduate Programs M.S. in Geography The Department of Geography and the Environment offers two Master's of Science (M.S.) programs in geography, a professional program and a research program. Our programs provide students with the ability to apply geographic concepts and techniques to significant societal and environmental challenges. Beyond a small number of required core courses, we do not confine our students to a rigid curriculum. Students work with their major professor to construct a degree plan emphasizing a particular theme or themes and to determine which courses they should take and when. Students in the research or professional program may pursue one of the suggested tracks below, or use one of these tracks as a guide to constructing their degree plan. Possible tracks of study include: Applied Geomorphology Applied GIS Archaeology Business Geography Globalization, Development and Cities Health and Medical Geography Urban Environmental Management Water Resources Management The department's faculty has expertise in additional areas that may serve as the core focus of a degree plan, including cultural ecology, ecosystem geography, and energy geography. Students may also complete an optional six credit hour minor. Generally, the six hours come from a single department outside of Geography and the Environment. Ph.D. in Environmental Science The Department of Geography and the Environment works closely with the Institute of Applied Science (IAS), which coordinates a Ph.D. in Environmental Science. Students interested in pursuing a Ph.D. in geographical aspects of environmental science should consult a geography faculty member with similar research interests. In consultation with the IAS, this faculty member will identify suitable prerequisite coursework and help the student assemble an appropriate degree plan. Ph.D. in Philosophy Through a collaboration between the Department of Geography and the Environment and the Department of Philosophy, students can pursue a Ph.D. in Philosophy with a focus on critical human geography. Students accepted to this Ph.D. program are supervised by a geography faculty member but meet all requirements of the doctoral program in philosophy. Students interested in this option should contact a geography faculty member with similar research interests. In consultation with the philosophy department, this faculty member will identify suitable prerequisite coursework and help the student assemble an appropriate degree plan. Thinking about UNT? It's easy to apply online. Join us and discover why we're the choice of over 37,000 students. Apply now Contact Us (940) 565-2091 Tami.Deaton@unt.edu Visit Us EESAT 210 Send Us Mail 1155 Union Circle #305279 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Follow Us Facebook College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences View departments Get advising University of North Texas Explore our degrees Take a tour Get financial aid Apply online Find a person Register for classes Follow UNT on social media Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Statement Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline Governors Committee on People with Disabilities Texas Veterans Portal UNT Home 