  cob   programs phd Ph D Program College of Business   cob   programs phd Ph D Program College of Business   cob   programs phd Ph D Program College of Business   cob   programs phd Ph D Program College of Business   cob   programs phd Ph D Program College of Business   cob   programs phd Ph D Program College of Business   cob   programs phd Ph D Program College of Business   cob   programs phd Ph D Program College of Business   cob   programs phd Ph D Program College of Business   cob   programs phd Ph D Program College of Business   Ph.D. Program « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard UNT College of Business Departments Home College About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics Future Students Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Current Students Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast CoB People CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login INVEST How to Invest Give a Gift University of North Texas College of Business Ph.D. Program & Research Office Contact us In This Site Ph.D. Homepage Program Information Admission Information Qualifying Exam Important Dates and Deadlines Funding Dissertation Orientation Contact Information Our Staff Recent Graduates Additional Information Events Our Current Ph.D. Students Doctorate Student Profile Doctoral Student Handbook (.pdf) Ph.D. Programs Accounting Ph.D. Program Business Information Assurance Ph.D. Program Finance Ph.D. Program Logistics Systems Ph.D. Program Marketing Ph.D. Program Management Ph.D. Program Management Science Ph.D. Program Business Computer Information Systems Ph.D. Program Ph.D. Program at CoB Welcome to the Ph.D. Program & Research website of the College of Business at the University of North Texas. We are delighted to have you here, and are happy to provide you with information on our program. We hope that we can answer some, if not all, of the questions that you may have. The University of North Texas (UNT) is the premier university in the North Texas region. It is the largest comprehensive graduate and research university in the region, and the fourth largest university in Texas. The College of Business is one of the leading schools in UNT. We offer Ph.D. Programs with concentrations in eight fields. Please take a few moments to peruse this website and to learn more about our programs. Our Ph.D. Programs are structured to challenge outstanding men and women who possess the unique ability to analyze complex problems and to synthesize solutions. The programs are designed to prepare you for a career in teaching and research at the university level. Yet, they are flexible enough to accommodate individuals whose career objectives may lie outside academia. We hope that the information provided on these pages will address most of your questions. Please do not hesitate to contact our program advisor if you need more information. Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact the College of Business This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 