  cse   site index  Computer Science and Engineering  cse   site index  Computer Science and Engineering  cse   site index  Computer Science and Engineering  cse   site index  Computer Science and Engineering  cse   site index  Computer Science and Engineering  cse   site index  Computer Science and Engineering  cse   site index  Computer Science and Engineering  cse   site index  Computer Science and Engineering  cse   site index  Computer Science and Engineering  cse   site index  Computer Science and Engineering  Computer Science and Engineering CloseWe have launched a new CSE website. Please visit us here: http://computerscience.engineering.unt.edu Computer Science and Engineering About Us Contact Us College of Engineering Navigation CSE Chair's Message People Research Education K-12 CS Teacher Preparation Advising Organizations Outreach News Media Gallery Links Scholarships Faculty Positions Syndicate B.S. in Computer Science accredited since 1986 B.S. in Computer Engineering accredited since 2008 B.A. in Information Technology accredited since 2012 We have launched a new CSE department website This site will remain available for archival purposes, but the information found here may be out of date and inaccurate. We have launched a new Computer Science and Engineering website. Please visit our current website here: http://computerscience.engineering.unt.edu CSE NACLO student qualifies for International Linguistics Olympiad in India The Human Intelligence and language Technologies (HiLT) Lab hosted the invitational round of NACLO, North American Computational Linguistics Olympiad on March 10, 2016. Six high school students who participated in the open round of NACLO at the UNT Department of Computer Science and Engineering on January 28, 2016 scored in the top 10% of the U.S. and were invited to this second round. One of those six students, Wyatt Reeves, a senior from R.L. Paschal High School in Fort Worth, has qualified as a U.S.A team member for the International Linguistics Olympiad to be held July 25-29, 2016 in Mysore, India. This is the first time a student from the UNT NACLO location has qualified for this international event. Wyatt has been auditing the Linguistics class at Paschal and each year the school’s Linguistics Club enters a competitive team in the NACLO competition, hosted by the HiLT Lab in the UNT Department of Computer Science and Engineering. As part of the international team, Wyatt will be training online and via Skype with his new team members. Congratulations to Wyatt on his achievement and good luck to him at the International Linguistics Olympiad! More information about the HiLT Lab, directed by Dr. Rodney Nielsen, is available at http://hilt.cse.unt.edu. Congratulations to Spring 2016 Graduates from the Department of Computer Science and Engineering Congratulations go to the Computer Science and Engineering Fall Graduates. A full list of our graduates can be seen here. CSE recognizes Outstanding Students in 2015-2016 The Department of Computer Science and Engineering recognized our Outstanding CSE Students at an awards lunch held at the University Student Union on May 3, 2016. Chair Dr. Barrett Bryant welcomed students and then faculty members presented students with awards. On the right, Dr. Yan Huang announced the CRA-W Graduate Cohort. (L-R) Zahra Sarabi, Andreea Godea, Nishitha Guntakandla, Parisa Kaghazgaran, Dr. Huang, Natalie Parde, Shuwen Liang, Alakananda Vempala. To see more of our CSE Outstanding Students, please see this media gallery page. CSE Undergraduate Students present capstone projects at Design Day on April 29 Undergraduate students in capstone classes from the Department of Computer Science and Engineering will present their projects at the UNT College of Engineering’s Design Day on Friday, April 29, 2016. CSE students will present their project posters in the hallway in front of the CSE Department from 9 am to 12 noon. Following lunch, Computer Engineering projects for CSCE 4915 Computer Engineering Design II will be presented in B190 at 1 pm. Computer Science projects for CSCE 4901 Software Development Capstone will be presented in D215 at 2 pm. Information Technology projects for CSCE 4925 Information Technology Capstone II will be presented in D215 at 1 pm. More information about each project is HERE. Everyone is invited to attend! April CSE Student and Alumni Newsletters The April CSE Department newsletters have been sent. The CSE Student newsletter is online HERE and the CSE Alumni Newsletter is online HERE. CSE M.S. Student wins People’s Choice Award in Three Minute Thesis Competition Congratulations to Rajasekhar Ganduri on winning the People’s Choice award at the UNT Toulouse Graduate School’s Three Minute Thesis (3MT®) competition for M.S. students on April 9, 2016! His prize for winning the award was $1,000. After several preliminary contests, ten finalists emerged to explain their thesis to a general audience in only three minutes. The finalists presented their thesis research methods, findings, and its significance in non-technical language. Rajasekhar’s presentation was “Network Security by YOU.” Rajasekhar is a student of Dr. Ram Dantu, CSE Professor and Director of the Center for Information and Computer Security. In the picture on the right, Rajasekhar holds the People's Choice Award certificate presented by Dr. Joseph Oppong, Professor of Geography and Associate Dean for Research and Professional Development at UNT's Toulouse Graduate School. CSE hosts Summer Camps for students in grades 8-12 Registration is now open for summer camp programs hosted by the UNT Department of Computer Science and Engineering to introduce young women and young men entering the 8 thru 12 grades to Robotics, Game Development, Mobile Apps and Computer Science and Engineering. See the camp schedule. AppCamp/GameCamp teaches students about Mobile App development for Android devices using AppInventor – a tool developed by Google and supported by MIT. Students will build a number of apps using various sensor technologies found in most smartphones and tablets. Students will also use GameMaker to learn about building a variety of styles of Video Games for PC Platforms. Scholarships for eligible students are provided by the Texas Workforce Commission (TWC), the Texas Coordinating Board for Higher Education (CB), the National Convergence Technology Center (CTC) and the Braid program from the Computing Research Association. Further information can be found at www.cse.unt.edu/robocamp. Registration will continue until all camps are full. Seats and scholarships are available on a first-come, first-served basis. Distinguished Speaker Seminar on April 22 The Department of Computer Science and Engineering welcomes Dr. Jun Yang, Professor of Computer Science at Duke University, on Friday, April 22, 2016 as our final Distinguished Speaker in Spring 2016. His presentation will be on Cumulon: Simplifying Matrix-Based Data Analytics in the Cloud. Dr. Yang received his Ph.D. from Stanford University in 2001. He is broadly interested in databases and data-intensive systems. His current research interests lie in making data analysis easier and more scalable for scientists, statisticians, and journalists. His presentation will be held at 11:30 am in NTDP F223. Everyone is invited to attend! Outstanding CSE Students The Department of Computer Science and Engineering congratulates these outstanding CSE students: Outstanding Doctoral Student in Computer Science and Engineering – Garima Bajwa Outstanding Master’s Student in Computer Engineering – Nagaraju Mukka Outstanding Master’s Student in Computer Science – Rajendar Mudam Outstanding Senior in Computer Engineering – Thomas Kanabay Outstanding Senior in Computer Science – Daniel Jarvis Outstanding Senior in Information Technology – Michele Hindman Outstanding Junior in Computer Engineering - Zachary Simpson Outstanding Junior in Computer Science - Jacob White Outstanding Junior in Information Technology - Matthew Holladay Outstanding Sophomore Student – Jonathan Roosa Outstanding Freshman Student – Katie Ouellette Outstanding Teaching Fellow – Joseph Helsing Outstanding Teaching Assistant – Jagannadh Vempati These students were recognized at UNT Honors Day on April 1, 2016. 123456789…next ›last » Copyright © 2016 CSE UNT. All rights reserved. This site is maintained by Don Retzlaff donr{at}unt.edu, CSE Webmaster. Site last updated on April 26th 2017University of North Texas   UNT College of Engineering 4 current visitors 52 visitors in last 24 hours UNT Latest News Four UNT TAMS students named 2016 Goldwater Scholars UNT College of Music student wins ASCAP Morton Gould Young Composer award UNT researchers study triggers in divorce decisions more 