 engineering   electrical Home Electrical Engineering engineering   electrical Home Electrical Engineering engineering   electrical Home Electrical Engineering engineering   electrical Home Electrical Engineering engineering   electrical Home Electrical Engineering engineering   electrical Home Electrical Engineering engineering   electrical Home Electrical Engineering engineering   electrical Home Electrical Engineering engineering   electrical Home Electrical Engineering engineering   electrical Home Electrical Engineering  Home | Electrical Engineering UNT Global Search Search UNT: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Electrical Engineering Home Prospective Students Undergraduate Graduate Research People About Us   Welcome Back to the Spring Semester 2017! The Department of Electrical Engineering would like to welcome back all students to the Spring Semester, 2017. We hope everyone had a great winter break and enjoyed the holiday season! We encourage you to use the resources on this website and other resources UNT provides for a semester full of accomplishment and growth.  Home Electrical Engineering Department News EE Students Participate in Senior Design Day Friday, April 28, 2017 - Skander Yaiche The UNT College of Engineering’s Senior Design Day allows students to showcase the results of research projects they developed for their senior design project course. Other students, professors, and industry guests were invited to attend the event and to learn more about the wide variety of projects undertaken by the seniors.  Professor Receives Engineering Faculty Research Award Friday, April 21, 2017 Dr. Gayatri Mehta, associate professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering, today received the 2017 Engineering Faculty Research Award.Gayatri joined UNT’s College of Engineering in 2009 after receiving her Ph.D. from the University of Pittsburgh. Her research focuses on exploring design choices for custom reconfigurable devices and custom domain-specific architectures using human computation and automated algorithms. UNT Professor Dr. Garcia Presents at the SDPS Conference Wednesday, January 11, 2017 Dr. Garcia, Professor of Electrical Engineering and Founding Dean of the College of Engineering, was invited to present for the Society for Design and Process Science (SDPS) in an international conference held between December 4-6, 2016. The theme of the conference “Emerging trends and technologies in designing healthcare systems” encouraged presentations from a wide group of individuals who consistently demonstrate excellence in their respective careers and active participation in reputable organizations. The conference even held such guests as Nobel Laureate Dr. Read More News Open Positions Faculty Positions Quick Links College of Engineering Academic Advisors College of Engineering Recruiter Scholarships & Financial Aid Electrical Engineering Alumni Final Exam Schedule College of Engineering Message from our Chair Apply Now Contact Us: Electrical Engineering 1155 Union Circle #310440 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2000 http://engineering.unt.edu/electrical/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. nicholas.tompkins@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 28, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 