 engineering   technology Engineering Technology A degree in Engineering Technology a career in engineering  engineering   technology Engineering Technology A degree in Engineering Technology a career in engineering  engineering   technology Engineering Technology A degree in Engineering Technology a career in engineering  engineering   technology Engineering Technology A degree in Engineering Technology a career in engineering  engineering   technology Engineering Technology A degree in Engineering Technology a career in engineering  engineering   technology Engineering Technology A degree in Engineering Technology a career in engineering  engineering   technology Engineering Technology A degree in Engineering Technology a career in engineering  engineering   technology Engineering Technology A degree in Engineering Technology a career in engineering  engineering   technology Engineering Technology A degree in Engineering Technology a career in engineering  engineering   technology Engineering Technology A degree in Engineering Technology a career in engineering   Engineering Technology | A degree in Engineering Technology, a career in engineering. Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Engineering Technology Home Undergraduate Graduate Research Advising People About Us Electrical Engineering Technology Our ABET-accredited Electrical Engineering Technology program is one of only 10 programs in the nation to offer graduate and undergraduate degrees in electrical engineering technology. Mechanical Engineering Technology Our ABET-accredited Mechanical Engineering Technology program focuses on the applications of science and engineering to design, fabricate and improve real-world products. Construction Engineering Technology Our ABET-accredited Construction Engineering Technology program's strong foundation in math, science, engineering and general education prepares you for success in construction engineering, management and related fields. Take a Tour Apply Now Talk to an Advisor Undergraduate The BSET degrees in the majors listed below are accredited by the Engineering Technology Accreditation Commission (ETAC) of ABET. Construction Construction Engineering Technology Electrical Electrical Engineering Technology Mechanical Mechanical Engineering Technology Grad Track Offers an opportunity for eligible students to earn the BSET and MSET in 5 years.  Students can take up to 9 hours of graduate-level courses to fulfill BSET requirements, be admitted to the graduate program, and count the 9 hours toward completing the MSET. Nuclear Power Technology Certificate Earn a Texas A&M Certificate in Nuclear Power Technology by taking 12 credits of NUET courses in Engineering Technology.  The Certificate features online instruction from A&M and a face-to-face component at Discovery Park. Enrollment & Graduation Data Graduate Engineering Technology, MS Degree options: Thesis: 30 credits including a 3-credit Seminar and a 6-credit Thesis Project: 33 credits including a 3-credit Seminar and a 3-credit Project Course: 33 credits including an integrative course at the end of the program Doctoral opportunities with multiple career paths: Students completing the MSET with a Thesis and satisfying other eligibility requirements may continue to earn a Ph.D. in other engineering fields within the College of Engineering at UNT. In addition, MSET graduates may pursue PhD studies in management, in engineering, or in technology, or obtain a Doctor of Engineering (DE) degree offered by several Universities. Some candidates may be interested in the Doctor of Jurisprudence (JD) degree for example in patent law, as well as doctoral programs in education such as the DEd and PhD.   What is Engineering Technology? Engineering Technology (ET) at the University of North Texas' College of Engineering offers degree paths to a career in engineering. There are over 100 institutions in the U.S. that offer similar degree programs. Common to all is the educational philosophy of using mathematics, science and engineering fundamentals in the analysis and implementation of technology-based solutions to engineering problems. At the Department of Engineering Technology, we define “technology” as: any physical equipment, artifact, or hardware tool utilized in an engineering field (e.g., any device, instrument, machine, sensor/transducer/actuator, data acquisition/processing card, or materials); any software-based engineering simulation, analysis, or design tool; or any engineering design technique, process or algorithm described in a textbook, a patent, or any other scholarly or trade publication. Therefore, our ET program is strongly based on advanced applications of technology to solve engineering problems. Our program introduces experiential learning activities in virtually every course and emphasizes hands-on laboratory activities without the abstract manipulation of mathematics. In many circles ET is described as hands-on or applied engineering. ETEC graduates are in high demand and work side-by-side with other engineering graduates in a variety of technical fields. Join ETEC at UNT, pursue an undergraduate ETAC/ABET-accredited degree or a graduate degree, and prepare yourself for the functional engineering tasks of design, re-design, technology implementation and evaluation, product and process improvement, and engineering system operation. News & Annoucements Professor Named Director of Center for Logistics Education and Research May 4, 2017—Dr. David Nowicki has been named the new Director of the Center for Logistics Education and Research. In his new post, Dr. Nowicki is charged with continuing to advance the excellence of the Logistics and Supply Chain educational and research programs at UNT. ETEC Alumnus Receives Ph.D. Degree in Biological Engineering May 3, 2017—UNT Mechanical Engineering Technology (MEET) 2006 Alumnus, Emmanuel Ogunsona recently received his Doctor of Philosophy degree in Biological Engineering from the University of Guelph, Ontario, Canada. The title of Dr. Ogunsona’s dissertation is “Studies on Engineered Bio-composites from... Professor, Students to Improve Communication and Information for AISI April 18, 2017—UNT’s College of Engineering is working to improve communication and information models between architects, contractors and fabricators, thanks to the American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) Standards Council’s Small Project Fellowship Program. ETEC Alumna to Earn Ph.D. Degree in Physics April 13, 2017—Sween Butler, an ETEC alumna who completed her Master of Science in Engineering Technology with concentration in Electrical Systems in 2009, successfully defended her dissertation on March 22, 2017 towards earning a Ph.D. degree in Physics from the University of North Texas. Toward Tactical Shelters March 9, 2017—Construction ET and Construction Management students Jeremy Artman and Nathan Derrick are part of a team researching the best practices for designing and building state-of-the-art tactical shelters for the U.S. Army. Engineering Technology Faculty Receives Lifetime Achievement Award January 3, 2017—Dr. Leticia Anaya is honored with the 2016 Women's Luna Lifetime Achievement Award by the Regional Hispanic Contractor Association. Dr. Barbieri is the Chair-Elect for the Engineering Technology Council of ASEE June 6, 2016—Dr. Enrique Barbieri, Professor & Chair, is the 2016-18 Chair-Elect for the Engineering Technology Council of ASEE. The Council is the national organization that speaks for engineering technology education and is committed to promoting quality education and creative endeavors in... Professor appointed as New Commission Member of ABET Engineering Technology Accreditation Commission June 6, 2016—Dr. Reza Mirshams, Professor, has been appointed as New Commission Member of the 2016-17 ABET Engineering Technology Accreditation Commission (ETAC). His responsibilities include serving as team chair for up to two institutional visits. Senior Design Day 2016 April 12, 2016—Seniors make final revisions to their designs and presentations for Senior Design Day on Friday April 29. View more news & announcements. Contact Us: Department of Engineering Technology North Texas Discovery Park 3940 North Elm St. Suite F-115 Denton, TX 76207 USA Voice: 940-565-2022 Fax: 940-565-2666 http://engineering.unt.edu/technology/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. etec@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 4, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 