 engineering   materials front Materials Science and Engineering engineering   materials front Materials Science and Engineering engineering   materials front Materials Science and Engineering engineering   materials front Materials Science and Engineering engineering   materials front Materials Science and Engineering engineering   materials front Materials Science and Engineering engineering   materials front Materials Science and Engineering engineering   materials front Materials Science and Engineering engineering   materials front Materials Science and Engineering engineering   materials front Materials Science and Engineering  Materials Science and Engineering Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Materials Science and Engineering Home Undergraduate Graduate Research Partners Alumni People About Us PreviousPauseNext Why Study Materials Science and Engineering As a student in the Department of Materials Science and Engineering at the University of North Texas, you will explore the technological challenges of creating, applying and characterizing new materials for the 21st century. Your top-notch education will enable you to develop specialized skills through classroom instruction from accomplished faculty, research with modern equipment and facilities, and connections with industry leaders. Take a Tour Apply Now Future Student Explore Degrees Bachelor of Science Graduate Degrees MTSE Research About MTSE at UNT Talk to Us Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising MTSE Seminars Faculty/Staff Directory News Dr. Rajiv Mishra awarded ARL grant for multi-physics materials processing machine UNT MTSE featured in LIFT newsletter Class of 2017 presents at Design Day Dr. Diana Berman develops coating that reduces glass reflection Department Picnic 2017 Awards more news > Multiple PhD student positions open: Apply Here! Interested in performing research over the summer? Check out our REU program! Check out our Fall 2016 Newsletter!       Contact Us: Department of Materials Science and Engineering 1155 Union Circle #305310 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-3260 Fax: 940-565-4824 Visit Us: Discovery Park Suite E-132 https://engineering.unt.edu/materials/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. mtse@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 8, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 