 engineering   mechanicalandenergy Mechanical and Energy Engineering engineering   mechanicalandenergy Mechanical and Energy Engineering engineering   mechanicalandenergy Mechanical and Energy Engineering engineering   mechanicalandenergy Mechanical and Energy Engineering engineering   mechanicalandenergy Mechanical and Energy Engineering engineering   mechanicalandenergy Mechanical and Energy Engineering engineering   mechanicalandenergy Mechanical and Energy Engineering engineering   mechanicalandenergy Mechanical and Energy Engineering engineering   mechanicalandenergy Mechanical and Energy Engineering engineering   mechanicalandenergy Mechanical and Energy Engineering  Mechanical and Energy Engineering Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home AdvisingAdvising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty UndergraduateUndergraduate Undergraduate Admissions International Admissions Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Grad Track Senior Design Scholarships Study Abroad Graduation Checklist GraduateFuture Students Current Students Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Master of Science Program Ph.D. Program Graduate Academic Certificate in Energy Scholarships Study Abroad Graduate Course Syllabi ResearchZero Energy (ZØE) Research Laboratory Fundamental Research Applied Research Interdiciplinary ResearchPACCAR Technology Institute NSF I/UCRC Sustainable Building Sustainable Materials Research Clusters Research Magazine Corporate Partners PeopleFaculty Staff Industrial Advisory Board AlumniOverview UNT Event Calendar Update Your Info MEE Department LinkedIn MEE Department Facebook MEE Alumni Group on LinkedIn Order a Transcript UNT Alumni Association UNT Alumni & Friends page North Texan Magazine UNT Insider About UsOverview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News ABET Accreditation International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Positions Strategic Plan Give to MEE Pollinative Prairie at UNT Discovery Park NASA Internship Opportunities Wind Turbine Harvesting Study Company Turns to Researchers at UNT Zero Energy Lab to Study Harvesting Power of its new Wind Turbine Hear about our program from our students themselves! Welcome from the Chair Welcome to the Department of Mechanical Engineering and Energy Engineering (MEE) at the University of North Texas (UNT)!  The department is committed to educating globally competitive engineers and tomorrow’s leaders by teaching innovative courses and conducting leading edge research within the broad area of mechanical and energy-related sciences.... Read more  News Brothers journey from Jordan in pursuit of Ph.D. at UNT Mechanical & Energy Engineering's own Omar and Khaled Almahmoud were featured in a recent News article from UNT. You can check out the full article at:... James Dyson Award The James Dyson Award is now open for entries. The award celebrates, encourages and inspires the next generation of engineers. They are looking for... Read all news MEE Positions Faculty Positions:  Please click here for a list of current faculty opportunities. Staff Positions:  Please click here for a list of staff jobs. Graduate Assistant jobs:  Please click here for a list of upcoming TA/RA/grader positions. Alumni Spotlight: Kelsey Gorman Submitted by Jessica Hampton on Thu, 07/24/2014 - 12:02am “The University of North Texas originally appealed to me because of their Mechanical and Energy Engineering program. This unique degree allowed me to learn both engineering fundamentals and specialized knowledge that sparked my interest.  During my time at UNT, I took two classes on LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design). Read More... Upcoming Events Submitted by Jessica Hampton on Wed, 08/13/2014 - 3:42pm May 3-4, 2017 - Pre-finals Days May 4, 2017 - Last Class Day May 5, 2017 - Reading Day (no classes) May 6-11, 2017 - Finals May 13, 2017 - Late Registration Starts May 15, 2017 - First Class Day May 29, 2017 - Memorial Day (no classes; university closed) July 4, 2017 - Independence Day (no classes; university closed) August 10, 2017 - Last Class Day Explore Our Degrees Bachelor of Science Master of Science Ph.D Program Find Classes MEE Research Talk to Us Student Advising Visit MEE Faculty/Staff Directory MEE Facebook MEE linkedIn Join and Apply Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Alumni & Friends Partnerships Faculty Positions   Contact Us: UNT - Discovery Park - MEE 3940 N Elm Suite F101 Denton, TX 76207 USA Voice: 940-565-2400 Fax: 940-369-8675 Visit Us: Discovery Park Room F101 Find us on a map http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/ Mailing or Shipping to MEE? Find the right address to use. Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. erin.allice@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 9, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 