 speechandhearing   Welcome Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology speechandhearing   Welcome Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology speechandhearing   Welcome Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology speechandhearing   Welcome Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology speechandhearing   Welcome Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology speechandhearing   Welcome Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology speechandhearing   Welcome Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology speechandhearing   Welcome Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology speechandhearing   Welcome Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology speechandhearing   Welcome Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology  Welcome | Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact Information » Contact Information Faculty and Staff » Faculty and Staff Faculty Adjunct Faculty Staff Programs » Programs Program Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology » Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree Minor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology » Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology Leveling / Out-of-Field Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research Clinic » Clinic Speech and Language Services » Speech and Language Services Testimonials, SLP Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation » Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation Testimonials, AUD Tinnitus Services Career Opportunities Forms, Resources » Forms, Resources Grad Student Assistantships Scholarships Schedule of Classes Professional Organizations Student Associations Resources » Resources Video System Support Request Search form Search Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Main menu Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact InformationFaculty and StaffFaculty Adjunct Faculty Staff ProgramsProgram Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/AudiologyMinor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language PathologyLeveling / Out-of-Field Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research ClinicSpeech and Language ServicesTestimonials, SLP Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing ConservationTestimonials, AUD Tinnitus Services Career Opportunities Forms, ResourcesGrad Student Assistantships Schedule of Classes Scholarships Professional Organizations Student Associations ResourcesVideo System Support Request Welcome Ph.D. in Health Services Research The Department of Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology strives to provide the finest professional education in both speech-language pathology and audiology while maintaining an excellent Arts and Sciences pre-professional undergraduate degree. The program stresses excellence in teaching, service, and scholarly work by its faculty and students. As a component of the educational program, the department operates the UNT Speech and Hearing Center. The Center offers professional services to members of our campus community and the general public for the purpose of providing clinical training for students. The Center offers state-of-the-art diagnosis and treatment of speech, language, and hearing disorders.   Contact Information Graduate Program Admissions Speech-Language Pathology: Email: SLP-Admissions@unt.edu Phone: (940) 565-3716 Audiology: Email: AUD-Admissions@unt.edu Phone: (940) 369-7025 Leveling / Out-of-Field http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/leveling. Email slpleveling@unt.edu. Phone: NONE. Bachelor's Degree / Second Bachelor's / Transfer Students Email: lauren.mathews@unt.edu Phone: NONE Additional Contact Information: For Academic Matters: UNT Speech & Hearing Center Building Departmental Office Room 260 940-565-2481 (PHONE) 940-565-4058 (FAX) For Clinic Appointments: UNT Speech & Hearing Center 907 W. Sycamore Street Denton, TX 76201 940-565-2262 (PHONE) 940-369-7702 (FAX) Mailing Address (for department office and clinic) University of North Texas  Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology 1155 Union Circle # 305010 Denton, Texas 76203-5017     Visit Us Speech & Hearing Clinic 907 W. Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #305010 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-2481 speechandhearing@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 