 pacs   dar Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation  pacs   dar Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation  pacs   dar Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation  pacs   dar Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation  pacs   dar Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation  pacs   dar Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation  pacs   dar Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation  pacs   dar Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation  pacs   dar Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation  pacs   dar Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation   Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation | Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Why DAR? » Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation » Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking Programs in Health Services Request Program Information Academics » Academics Undergraduate Programs » Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies » B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes PAHS - Pathways Program » PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources Accelerated Grad Track Program Graduate Programs » Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling » M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission M.S. in Health Services Administration » M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission Doctoral Program » Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission Minors » Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology Certificates » Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate Services » Services Recovery to Practice » Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board UNTWISE UNT WELL » UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series Current Students Faculty and Staff » Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty Scholarships Resources » Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog News and Events Search form Search Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation Main menu Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking Programs in Health Services Request Program Information AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources Accelerated Grad Track Program Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog News and Events Our Mission is to prepare professionals to enhance the lives of diverse populations including the aging population, individuals with disabilities, substance use disorders and/or chronic health concerns through training in advanced research, education and service delivery, or clinical practice. What We Do Our department is comprised of community engaged academics providing an education that reaches beyond the classroom. Faculty with expertise in applied gerontology, health services, rehabilitation counseling, and substance use and behavioral health concerns prepare students for a career making a positive change in the lives of others. We offer a progressive undergraduate program in Rehabilitation Studies with optional minors in Applied Gerontology and Addiction as well as Masters of Science degrees in Rehabilitation Counseling or Health Services Administration. Beginning Fall 2017, we offer an innovative interdisciplinary Ph.D. in Health Services Research with concentrations in Applied Gerontology, Rehabilitation Science, and Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology.  Alumni of our programs become researchers, educators, administrators and clinicians. If you are looking for a rewarding career empowering individuals in community based, public or private settings, we have the program for you!    Who Are You? Prospective Student Current Student Accelerated Grad Track Applicant Pathways Program Applicant Recovery Program Applicant Programs in Rehabilitation ARE YOU READY TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE? Learn More Programs in Health Services BECOME A LEADER IN HEALTH SERVICES Learn More Pathways Program Giving African American and Latino(a) students the opportunity to earn their master’s degree in rehabilitation counseling at an accelerated rate. Learn More Anyone Can Minor Disability and addiction rehabilitation issues pertain to a vast number of careers beyond rehabilitation counseling. Students at the University of North Texas have the opportunity to receive their minor in rehabilitation studies or substance use treatment to enhance their major. Anyone Can Minor Get Your Certificate We offer certificates in substance use disorder treatment, rehabilitation studies and rehabilitation counseling for all students within the University of North Texas. Employment Opportunities Over 90% of our graduate students are employed within six months post-graduation. (See Job Listings) Get Your Certificate Programs & Services Our academic programs are tightly intertwined with community services that provide real assistance to individuals with disabilities and substance use disorders Programs & Services Employment Opportunities  ...90% of our graduates are employed within six months of graduation Learn More Access DAR If you are a DAR advisor, administrator or student, log in below to access case notes, student profiles and other site content.  Login Visit Us Chilton Hall Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us College of Health and Public Service Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on April 27, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links 