 lt   degrees  Department of Learning Technologies lt   degrees  Department of Learning Technologies lt   degrees  Department of Learning Technologies lt   degrees  Department of Learning Technologies lt   degrees  Department of Learning Technologies lt   degrees  Department of Learning Technologies lt   degrees  Department of Learning Technologies lt   degrees  Department of Learning Technologies lt   degrees  Department of Learning Technologies lt   degrees  Department of Learning Technologies  University of North Texas - Department of Learning Technologies skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Information Department of Learning Technologies QUICK LINKS News Degrees & Certifications Faculty & Staff Courses & Schedules Research Current Students Advisory Board Visiting Scholars Undergrad Master's Doctorate LT MS Certification CTE Cert. Advisory Board Visitors Moodle Classes.LT CourseWeb Forums.LT CKS IITTL TCET Printed Tuesday May 9, 2017 7:46pm from http://lt.unt.edu/degrees Degrees & Certifications The University of North Texas offers a variety of degrees and certificates through its Learning Technologies Department. Students can choose from a minor or major in their Undergraduate studies, multiple Master's degrees and three Doctoral degrees; teaching and training certificates are also available. Bachelor of Applied Arts & Sciences Gain your Bachelor's degree online. Get Started Master Degrees You may be closer than you think. Get Started Doctoral Degrees Learning Technologies offers three Ph.D. programs. Get Started Certificates Advance your career with a certificate. Get Started Distance Delivered Ph.D. Earn your Ph.D. at a distance. Get Started Instructional Systems Technology Avoid disrupting your life with our completely online degree. Get Started Undergraduate Master's Doctorate LT MS Certification CTE Certification Visit Us UNT Discovery Park 1st Floor, G Wing, Suite 150 [map] Mail Us Dept. of Learning Technologies 3940 N. Elm, Suite G150 Denton, Texas 76207 Contact Us Phone: 940-565-2057 Fax: 940-565-4194 Email: LT-info@unt.edu Technical problems? Site last updated on March 19, 2017 Built with Laravel v4.0.10 Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Web Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness 