s lt   masters atpi ms requirements  Department of Learning Technologiess lt   masters atpi ms requirements  Department of Learning Technologiess lt   masters atpi ms requirements  Department of Learning Technologiess lt   masters atpi ms requirements  Department of Learning Technologiess lt   masters atpi ms requirements  Department of Learning Technologiess lt   masters atpi ms requirements  Department of Learning Technologiess lt   masters atpi ms requirements  Department of Learning Technologiess lt   masters atpi ms requirements  Department of Learning Technologiess lt   masters atpi ms requirements  Department of Learning Technologiess lt   masters atpi ms requirements  Department of Learning Technologies  University of North Texas - Department of Learning Technologies skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Information Department of Learning Technologies QUICK LINKS News Degrees & Certifications Faculty & Staff Courses & Schedules Research Current Students Advisory Board Visiting Scholars Undergrad Master's Doctorate LT MS Certification CTE Cert. Advisory Board Visitors Moodle Classes.LT CourseWeb Forums.LT CKS IITTL TCET Printed Tuesday May 9, 2017 7:47pm from https://lt.unt.edu/masters Master's Programs Master of Science in Learning Technologies — Accelerated and Normal Offerings More info on the M.S. in LT The Learning Technologies Master’s program provides tracks in Career and Technical Education (CTE), Evaluation and Research (ER), Instructional Systems (IS), Instructional Systems Technology (IST), Instructional Systems Design (ISD), Project Management and Performance Assessment (PMPA), and Teaching and Learning with Technology (TLT). All tracks are offered in both the normal and the new accelerated online degree formats. Eight of the twelve courses are delivered in 8-week segments allowing students to accelerate degree completion. The accelerated offering is designed for working professionals, provides upward mobility in your career, and guides you toward a more successful future in as little as 14 months. The Master’s program prepares graduates for dynamic roles in the field of Learning Technologies in both academic and corporate settings. Undergraduate Master's Accelerated Online Program Learning Technologies Doctorate LT MS Certification CTE Certification Master Degrees You may be closer than you think. Get Started Doctoral Degrees Learning Technologies offers three Ph.D. programs. Get Started Visit Us UNT Discovery Park 1st Floor, G Wing, Suite 150 [map] Mail Us Dept. of Learning Technologies 3940 N. Elm, Suite G150 Denton, Texas 76207 Contact Us Phone: 940-565-2057 Fax: 940-565-4194 Email: LT-info@unt.edu Technical problems? Site last updated on March 19, 2017 Built with Laravel v4.0.10 Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Web Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness 