 journalism   graduate Graduate School of Journalism journalism   graduate Graduate School of Journalism journalism   graduate Graduate School of Journalism journalism   graduate Graduate School of Journalism journalism   graduate Graduate School of Journalism journalism   graduate Graduate School of Journalism journalism   graduate Graduate School of Journalism journalism   graduate Graduate School of Journalism journalism   graduate Graduate School of Journalism journalism   graduate Graduate School of Journalism  Graduate | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students Undergraduate GraduateConcentrations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media People Alumni About Us Graduate work in the Frank W. Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism prepares students for successful careers in journalism, strategic communications and higher education. Graduate Concentrations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn GraduateThe Frank W. Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism is part of the Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism. Our students work around the country in print and broadcast media, public relations agencies and various media communications organizations. Graduate work in the Frank W. Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism prepares students with lifetime communication and intellectual skills for successful careers in journalism, strategic communications, and higher education. This nationally accredited program offers state-of-the-art technological training and support as well as research and study opportunities in news, advertising, public relations, photojournalism, publishing, broadcast and multimedia news. The Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism mission statement is: To prepare students with ethical values and professional skills necessary to practice, teach and conduct research in journalism and mass communication. Outstanding Student Support A number of resources are available exclusively to graduate students. The Graduate Student Writing Support office offers writing help, and the Toulouse Graduate School offers a wide variety of professional development workshops each semester, including a Thesis Boot Camp. Many of the workshops are available online for your convenience. Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 