s    content ms international sustainable tourism mist M S in International Sustainable Tourism MIST Hospitality Tourism Managements    content ms international sustainable tourism mist M S in International Sustainable Tourism MIST Hospitality Tourism Managements    content ms international sustainable tourism mist M S in International Sustainable Tourism MIST Hospitality Tourism Managements    content ms international sustainable tourism mist M S in International Sustainable Tourism MIST Hospitality Tourism Managements    content ms international sustainable tourism mist M S in International Sustainable Tourism MIST Hospitality Tourism Managements    content ms international sustainable tourism mist M S in International Sustainable Tourism MIST Hospitality Tourism Managements    content ms international sustainable tourism mist M S in International Sustainable Tourism MIST Hospitality Tourism Managements    content ms international sustainable tourism mist M S in International Sustainable Tourism MIST Hospitality Tourism Managements    content ms international sustainable tourism mist M S in International Sustainable Tourism MIST Hospitality Tourism Managements    content ms international sustainable tourism mist M S in International Sustainable Tourism MIST Hospitality Tourism Management  M.S. in International Sustainable Tourism (MIST) | Hospitality & Tourism Management Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home Undergraduate » Undergraduate About Undergraduate Program Hospitality Management BS Graduate » Graduate About Graduate Programs Hospitality Management MS International Sustainable Tourism MS Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates Interdisciplinary Information Science PhD Graduate Employment Application About Us » About Us About Department Faculty and Staff Student Resources » Student Resources Advising » Advising Undergraduate Advising Student Organizations Internship Requirements Student Career Opportunities Scholarship Upload ServSafe Manager Certificate Upload Pre-Major Work Experience Hours (100 Hours) Chicago Study Tour Future Students » Future Students International Students » International Students Pre-Hospitality & Tourism Management Program Speaker Series Paying for college Fact Book The Club » The Club About The Club Guest Chef Day Make a Reservation Menu INVEST Hospitality & Tourism Management MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Hospitality & Tourism Management Main menu Home UndergraduateAbout Undergraduate Program Hospitality Management BS GraduateAbout Graduate Programs Hospitality Management MS International Sustainable Tourism MS Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates Interdisciplinary Information Science PhD Graduate Employment Application About UsAbout Department Faculty and Staff Student ResourcesAdvisingUndergraduate Advising Student Organizations Internship Requirements Student Career Opportunities Scholarship Upload ServSafe Manager Certificate Upload Pre-Major Work Experience Hours (100 Hours) Chicago Study Tour Future StudentsInternational StudentsPre-Hospitality & Tourism Management Program Speaker Series Paying for college Fact Book The ClubAbout The Club Guest Chef Day Make a Reservation Menu INVEST Home Undergraduate GraduateHospitality Management MS International Sustainable Tourism MS Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates The Club About Us Faculty & Staff Invest M.S. in International Sustainable Tourism (MIST) Meet the Graduate CoordinatorFrequently asked Questions for M.S in International Sustainable TourismForms:Degree Planning Sheet - M.S. in International Sustainable Tourism (MIST)Degree Plan Degree Modification Form Interested in saving the planet through preserving tourism destinations? Well, this degree is for you! Sustainable tourism strives to meet the needs of the present tourist market without compromising the resources of future generations. This leading-edge tourism specialty balances environmental, economic, and socio-cultural benefits and concerns. This program is a joint Master of Science degree in International Sustainable Tourism (MIST) between UNT and CATIE (The Tropical Agricultural Research and Higher Education Center) in Turrialba, Costa Rica. CATIE combines scientific research, graduate education and technical cooperation to create equilibrium between conservation and sustainable production. It has strategic alliances with public and private universities, research centers, nonprofit organizations, corporations, and government entities around the globe. The UNT-CATIE joint master’s degree is the first of its kind in the U.S. In this two-year program, you will spend the first two semesters at UNT and the last two semesters at CATIE in Turrialba, Costa Rica. All courses are taught in English. Our MIST program provides you with unique opportunities such as: Analysis of sustainable tourism in the USA and Costa Rica Hospitality applications of sustainable tourism Operational and policy perspectives of sustainable tourism International instruction from industry experts and experienced researchers The course work will prepare you for management and leadership positions in the international sustainable tourism industry or advancement toward a doctoral degree. You will gain insight and experience from policy and operational perspectives, including comprehensive knowledge of hospitality management. According to the U.S. Travel and Tourism Advisory Board, travel and tourism is the nation’s second-largest services export industry and one of America’s largest employers. Furthermore, Costa Rica enjoys more than 2 million visitors per year, generating more than $2.2 billion in revenues. Therefore, it is vital for successful tourism development professionals to understand the interdependencies of economic benefits, environmental impacts, and social and cultural resources. Costa Rica, a pioneer in environmental conservation, has excellent infrastructure and services. The country’s network of national parks and conservation areas, biodiversity, innovative policies and exceptional geographical location make it ideal for scholars and institutions devoted to uses relating to natural resources. Program Learning Objectives Upon graduating with a Master of Science in International Sustainable Tourism, students will be able to: Demonstrate, apply, and assess knowledge of theoretical constructs pertaining to international sustainable tourism. Demonstrate the principles of critical thinking and decision-making when evaluating complex issues within international sustainable tourism. Identify operational and policy aspects of international sustainable tourism. Apply the processes involved in international sustainable tourism research. Demonstrate professionalism, communication, and leadership skills needed for (1) operations or policy positions in international sustainable tourism, and/or (2) advancement toward a terminal degree. Visit Us Chilton Hall Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism 1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 