 art   art history art cation Art Education and Art History Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation Art Education and Art History Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation Art Education and Art History Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation Art Education and Art History Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation Art Education and Art History Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation Art Education and Art History Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation Art Education and Art History Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation Art Education and Art History Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation Art Education and Art History Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation Art Education and Art History Visual Arts Design  Art Education and Art History | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Art Education and Art HistoryThe Department of Art Education and Art History in the College of Visual Arts and Design is committed to enhancing students’ understanding of contemporary and past visual art forms. Within and between its comprehensive degree-granting programs, the department provides students and faculty with the opportunity to examine global artistic production, relevant technologies, critical methods, learning theories and innovative approaches to pedagogy and knowledge acquisition. The Department of Art Education and Art History offers the following degrees in Art Education: Art Education: Visual Art Studies (B.F.A., M.A., Ph.D.) Art History (B.A. and M.A.) Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies [Open Track or Arts Management Track] (B.A.) The department also offers a graduate academic certificate in Art Museum Education. See the Avista Medieval Graduate Symposium website. SEE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF SOME OF OUR STUDENTS AND ALUMNI! Follow the Department on Facebook! Contact Us Department of Art Education and Art HistoryCollege of Visual Arts and Design1155 Union Circle #305100Denton, TX 76203aeah@unt.edu940-565-4777 Department head: Kelly Donahue-Wallace Student accomplishments Sarah Travis, Art Ed PhD, published in Oral History Review journal Congratulations go out to Art Education PhD student Sarah Travis on the publication of her review of Hilton Kelly's Race, Remembering, and Jim Crow’s Teachers in Oral History Review. Her review is featured in volume 4, issue 2, Summer/Fall 2014 of the journal. The review can be accessed via http://ohr.oxfordjournals.org/content/41/2/395.full.pdf?keytype=ref&ijkey=cKeLbOAAmkRXRpR. Nicely done, Sarah! Art Education and Art History Art Education Congratulations go out to Art Education PhD student Sarah Travis on the publication of her review of Hilton Kelly's Race, Remembering, and Jim Crow’s Teachers in Oral History Review. Her review is featured in volume 4, issue 2, Summer/Fall 2014 of the journal. The review can be accessed via http://ohr.oxfordjournals.org/content/41/2/395.full.pdf?keytype=ref&ijkey=cKeLbOAAmkRXRpR. Nicely done, Sarah! All student accomplishments » Alumni accomplishments Dr. Cindy Hasio's Recent Publications Congratulations to Ph.D Art Education (2012) alumna Dr. Cindy Hasio on the publication of her article “Teaching Art a Greener Path: Integrating Sustainability Concepts of Interior Design Curriculum into the Art Education Curriculum” in the November 2014 issue of Art Education. The publication was co-authored by Valdosta State University Professor Tommy Crane. Art Education and Art History Art Education Congratulations to Ph.D Art Education (2012) alumna Dr. Cindy Hasio on the publication of her article “Teaching Art a Greener Path: Integrating Sustainability Concepts of Interior Design Curriculum into the Art Education Curriculum” in the November 2014 issue of Art Education. The publication was co-authored by Valdosta State University Professor Tommy Crane. All alumni accomplishments »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 