 art   studio art Studio Art Visual Arts Design art   studio art Studio Art Visual Arts Design art   studio art Studio Art Visual Arts Design art   studio art Studio Art Visual Arts Design art   studio art Studio Art Visual Arts Design art   studio art Studio Art Visual Arts Design art   studio art Studio Art Visual Arts Design art   studio art Studio Art Visual Arts Design art   studio art Studio Art Visual Arts Design art   studio art Studio Art Visual Arts Design  Studio Art | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Studio Art Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Studio ArtThe Department of Studio Art at the University of North Texas will help you find your artistic voice through an innovative curriculum that emphasizes sound art fundamentals, creativity and self-expression. Much of the course work involves creating and producing 2-D and 3-D artwork, allowing you to get hands-on experience and hone your skills. Many faculty members are nationally and internationally acclaimed artists and scholars who impact communities worldwide. In addition, some are active members and leaders of national organizations. They’ll guide and encourage you to explore new directions in art, allowing you to become a well-rounded art professional. You’ll have access to large, well-equipped studios and instruction in a wide range of media and techniques. Our 90,000-square-foot Art Building includes classrooms, computer labs, faculty offices, studios, a workshop and a visual resources library. Other art programs are housed in additional buildings across campus. To provide other insights and knowledge, we bring numerous renowned artists, designers and scholars to campus. There are opportunities to exhibit your work as you progress through the program and numerous competitive exhibitions are held on campus. The annual Voertman Student Art Exhibition is juried by arts professionals, with cash prizes and scholarships awarded. Students also participate in local, regional and international exhibitions.  The Department of Studio Art offers a BFA degree with 8 concentrations to choose from. Select an area of study from the menu on the left to learn more about the program. Degree Plan for Studio Art Graduate Degrees Current Academic Calendar Current Schedule of Classes (Scroll all the way down once you click the link) Contact Us Visit the Studio Art Blog to keep up with our students and events in Studio Art.  You can also visit the Studio Arts Department groups on Facebook: UNT Studio Art: Current and Former and UNT Department of Studio Art. Department Chair: Robert Jessup Administrative Assistant: Angela Vanecek Office: Art Building, Room 317 Phone: 940-369-7671 Email: studio@unt.edu Mailing Address: 1155 Union Circle #305100, Denton, TX 76203 Physical Address: 1201 W Mulberry St, Denton, TX 76201 This page may contain pdf documents.  You can download a free pdf reader here. Student accomplishments Maria Razo, Lithograph, 2014 Maria Razo - Lithograph, 2014 Studio Art Printmaking Maria Razo - Lithograph, 2014 All student accomplishments » Alumni accomplishments Simon Walker Design Communication Design Design Communication Design All alumni accomplishments »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 