 advising   building your degree  requirements  Requirements Advising  advising   building your degree  requirements  Requirements Advising  advising   building your degree  requirements  Requirements Advising  advising   building your degree  requirements  Requirements Advising  advising   building your degree  requirements  Requirements Advising  advising   building your degree  requirements  Requirements Advising  advising   building your degree  requirements  Requirements Advising  advising   building your degree  requirements  Requirements Advising  advising   building your degree  requirements  Requirements Advising  advising   building your degree  requirements  Requirements Advising   UNT Requirements | Advising @ UNT Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Advising @ UNT Home Getting Started About Advising Building Your Degree Signing Up for Class Campus Resources Paying for College About Your GPA Dropping a Class Class Concierge Campus Resources Find My Advisor Plan My Class Schedule Calculate My GPA UNT Requirements   Majors @ UNT Choosing A Major About Your Degree Types of Degrees University Core UNT Requirements   Need more help? Home UNT Residency Requirement A major of at least 24 semester hours. At least 12 hours of advanced work (3000/4000 level) in the major must be earned at UNT (except for the BAAS degree). A minimum of 36 semester hours of advanced work, 24 of which must be completed at UNT. Many degrees at UNT require 42 advanced hours, see the college/school degree requirements of your major in the catalog for details. A lower level course that, when transferred, is determined to be equivalent to a UNT upper-level course does not satisfy the requirement of advanced hours.  Twenty-five percent of the university minimum of 120 semester hours (i.e., 30 hours) must be earned in residence To learn more about residency, visit UNT's Office of the Registrar. Contact Us: UNT Senior Advisor Group 1155 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 USA Voice: 940-565-2000 http://advising.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. untadvising@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? urcm@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 8, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 