  cob   programs undergrad Undergraduate Advising College of Business   cob   programs undergrad Undergraduate Advising College of Business   cob   programs undergrad Undergraduate Advising College of Business   cob   programs undergrad Undergraduate Advising College of Business   cob   programs undergrad Undergraduate Advising College of Business   cob   programs undergrad Undergraduate Advising College of Business   cob   programs undergrad Undergraduate Advising College of Business   cob   programs undergrad Undergraduate Advising College of Business   cob   programs undergrad Undergraduate Advising College of Business   cob   programs undergrad Undergraduate Advising College of Business   Undergraduate Advising « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard UNT College of Business Departments Home College About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics Future Students Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Current Students Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast CoB People CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login INVEST How to Invest Give a Gift In This Site Advising Home Page Sports Management Program BBA Degree Requirements BS Degree Requirements Four Year Guides - Current year Four Year Guides - Previous Years Tentative Course Offerings Major Changer Information Transfer Information Minor and Certificates in Business Graduation Information Frequently Asked Questions 10 Things Every Business Student Should Know Bloomberg Subscription Effective FALL 2013: Tiered Progression Program Our Staff Contact Us Preparing for Advising Waitlist F.A.Q. Registration Checklist Important Links Registration Honors College The Learning Center Counseling and Testing Career Center Internships Course Catalog Office of Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising The mission of the UNT College of Business Academic Advising and Student Services Office is to guide students to discover, connect, and invest in their academic and professional careers. Our commitment is to provide quality academic advising in a welcoming environment that is inclusive and supportive for our students, faculty, staff, and community. Summer and Fall 2017 Registration beings in March Check here for the exact registration dates. Come in now to avoid long advising lines. (Remember, some populations must be advised.) Call (940) 565-2110 or visit BLB 110 to schedule an appointment. Builda foundation for your academic program. Our function is to build a plan to give you the information you need to succeed academically. Our advisors will walk you through degree plan requirements that can be accessed online anytime. Connectwith great academic resources. We connect with you to achieve academic success, campus engagement, and global citizenship. Our advisors, faculty, staff, and student organizations are here to help you connect academically and socially with your campus community to enrich your academic and life experiences. Discoveryour potential at the UNT College of Business. Wherever you want to go in life business will get you there. Our career counselors can help you navigate through your major and career goals. Investin your experiences. We provide you with valuable opportunities to enhance your academic and professional growth. Through internships, mentoring, and scholarship programs you gain connections and insight into real world career success. Leadtoday for tomorrow's future. We teach and challenge the next generation of leaders to explore and create solutions to today's most significant business and social issues. As UNT alumni you have access to continued career support and opportunities to give back. To Make an Advising Appointment We are located in Suite 110 of the Business Leadership Building Office Hours: 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (Monday - Friday) Evening appointments are available typically the first Tuesday of every month, call for availability. Please call 940-565-2110 to schedule an appointment. You can schedule an appointment up to 14 days in advance. Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact the College of Business This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 