 riskmanagement   Risk Management Services Risk Management Services riskmanagement   Risk Management Services Risk Management Services riskmanagement   Risk Management Services Risk Management Services riskmanagement   Risk Management Services Risk Management Services riskmanagement   Risk Management Services Risk Management Services riskmanagement   Risk Management Services Risk Management Services riskmanagement   Risk Management Services Risk Management Services riskmanagement   Risk Management Services Risk Management Services riskmanagement   Risk Management Services Risk Management Services riskmanagement   Risk Management Services Risk Management Services  Risk Management Services | Risk Management Services Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Risk Management Services Campus SafetyAED CPR/AED Training Fire & Life Safety Health & Food Safety Student Event Safety University Vehicles Environmental ManagementAsbestos Emergency Response Hazardous Waste Indoor Air Quality Laboratory Safety Training Radiation & Laser Safety Emergency PreparednessGet Prepared Safety Coordinator Program Business Continuity Program University Plans InsuranceInsurance Notary Public Program Program for Minors Workers' Comp Program Frequently Asked Questions Occupational SafetyConfined Space Entry Ergonomics Lockout Tagout Quick Links About RMS Forms Policies & Procedures RMS Intranet Training Questions? Concerns? Email AskRMS@unt.edu User login UNT EUID: * Password: * Risk Management Services Risk Management Services provides proactive support for many areas critical to the strategic, operational and financial foundation of the university. RMS helps identify, analyze and mitigate risks so that the university can freely pursue opportunities for growth and advancement. Purpose To identify, protect and conserve university resources from loss Successful accomplishment of the University's strategic goals depends heavily on risk mitigation, whether through reduction and prevention of risk, or though reduction and prevention of risks, or through implementing and enhancing controls. The University of North Texas operations are similar to that of a small city or town. The university has hundreds of chemicals, biologicals, and toxins on campus, some hazardous and some non-hazardous. The university must comply with relevant Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) , Texas Commission of Environmental Quality (TCEQ), Texas Department of State Health Services (TDSHS), and TDSHS Radiation Control Program standards.  ENVM personnel are committed to providing superior service and support for a broad range of activities within the university. ENVM is responsible for all regulatory issues including lab safety, storm water, waste disposal, radiation safety, mold abatement, cleanroom safety, asbestos abatement, refrigerant safety, chemical safety, nanomaterials safety, spill response, Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) and Department of Transportation (DOT) safety, biotoxin safety, biosafety, indoor air quality and industrial hygiene safety, and air emissions reporting. Emergency Preparedness & Insurance Management (EPIM) is responsible for implementing and carrying out programs in support of UNT Risk Management’s mission of identifying, protecting, and conserving university resources while also supporting and furthering the university’s core mission. Emergency Preparedness focuses on preventing, mitigating, preparing for, responding to, and recovering from events that have the potential to negatively impact university personnel, property, and operations. Emergency Preparedness programs include health and food safety, fire and life safety, emergency management, business continuity, risk assessments, event safety, and various other programs that focus on protecting the university community. Insurance Management provides oversight and management of UNT’s risk finance programs to include procurement and placement of multiple lines of traditional insurance as well as self-insured programs. In addition, Insurance Management coordinates and manages a number of other risk functions to include claims management and investigation, loss prevention, contract review, workers’ compensation and return to work, athletic insurance claims management, youth camp procedures to include insurance and background checks, and training for those working with minors. Contact Us: Risk Management Services 700 North Texas Blvd Denton, Texas 76203 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: (940) 565-2109 http://riskmanagement.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. jonathan.dowd@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 21, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 