 cas   alumni Alumni College of Arts Sciences cas   alumni Alumni College of Arts Sciences cas   alumni Alumni College of Arts Sciences cas   alumni Alumni College of Arts Sciences cas   alumni Alumni College of Arts Sciences cas   alumni Alumni College of Arts Sciences cas   alumni Alumni College of Arts Sciences cas   alumni Alumni College of Arts Sciences cas   alumni Alumni College of Arts Sciences cas   alumni Alumni College of Arts Sciences  Alumni | College of Arts & Sciences MyUNT Webmail Blackboard EagleConnect UNTranet Maps Giving to UNT Skip to content Home Academic Divisions Centers & Institutes Services People Advising Forms Alumni IT Donate The College of Arts & Sciences will become 2 new colleges in May 2017. This website may contain out of date information. Biology, Chemistry, Math, and Physics students should visit the College of Science. All other students should visit the College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences. Alumni CAS Advisory Board Alumni & Friends UNT » Colleges & Schools » CAS » Alumni                                                                             Participating in our democratic society and excelling in a dynamic, globalized workplace requires robust skills and broad knowledge. Spanning Biology to English to Political Science, the College of Arts & Science provides students the rich, wide-ranging experiences necessary to bring a complex, rapidly changing world into focus. CAS prepares its students to be the next generation of innovators, scholars, entrepreneurs and civic leaders. Addressing complex global challenges and sustaining our country’s innovation economy requires strong public universities engaged in basic and applied research. CAS faculty and student teams produce high impact knowledge and discoveries that drive our economy and improve our quality of life. North Texas is the fastest growing metropolitan area of the country. UNT must play a key role in the economic future of the region. Through its students and faculty, the College of Arts & Sciences provides the empowered workforce and novel ideas necessary to ensure the region’s competitive edge. CAS faculty prepare their students to think critically, communicate effectively and act purposefully. Contact Information U.S. Postal Address University of North Texas College of Arts and Sciences 1155 Union Circle #305189 Denton, TX 76203-5017 College of Arts & Sciences Dean's Office General Academic Bldg 210 Phone: (940) 565-2497 CAS Office of Student Advising General Academic Bldg 220 Phone: (940) 565-2051 Fax: (940) 565-4529 CAS Information Technology Services General Academic Bldg 313 Phone: (940) 565-4498 Contact Us For questions about the content on this website, contact us. Technical Problems For technical problems with this website, contact our web designer. University of North Texas System UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center College of Arts & Sciences at UNT CAS Home CAS Departments & Programs CAS Student Advising Site last updated on January 04, 2017. Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 