 cas   donate Donate to the College of Arts and Sciences College of Arts Sciences cas   donate Donate to the College of Arts and Sciences College of Arts Sciences cas   donate Donate to the College of Arts and Sciences College of Arts Sciences cas   donate Donate to the College of Arts and Sciences College of Arts Sciences cas   donate Donate to the College of Arts and Sciences College of Arts Sciences cas   donate Donate to the College of Arts and Sciences College of Arts Sciences cas   donate Donate to the College of Arts and Sciences College of Arts Sciences cas   donate Donate to the College of Arts and Sciences College of Arts Sciences cas   donate Donate to the College of Arts and Sciences College of Arts Sciences cas   donate Donate to the College of Arts and Sciences College of Arts Sciences  Donate to the College of Arts and Sciences | College of Arts & Sciences MyUNT Webmail Blackboard EagleConnect UNTranet Maps Giving to UNT Skip to content Home Academic Divisions Centers & Institutes Services People Advising Forms Alumni IT Donate The College of Arts & Sciences will become 2 new colleges in May 2017. This website may contain out of date information. Biology, Chemistry, Math, and Physics students should visit the College of Science. All other students should visit the College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences. UNT » Colleges & Schools » CAS » Donate to the College of Arts and Sciences You can make an impact Your donation matters. Every gift made towards the College of Arts and Sciences helps up move towards new standards of excellence. The College of Arts and Sciences is the largest college at the University of North Texas, which means there is a giving opportunity to match every interest, at any level.   Ready to give? Contact the Development Office Phone: (940) 565-2497 Location: General Academic Building 210 Donate Instantly: Online Donation Form Contact Information U.S. Postal Address University of North Texas College of Arts and Sciences 1155 Union Circle #305189 Denton, TX 76203-5017 College of Arts & Sciences Dean's Office General Academic Bldg 210 Phone: (940) 565-2497 CAS Office of Student Advising General Academic Bldg 220 Phone: (940) 565-2051 Fax: (940) 565-4529 CAS Information Technology Services General Academic Bldg 313 Phone: (940) 565-4498 Contact Us For questions about the content on this website, contact us. Technical Problems For technical problems with this website, contact our web designer. University of North Texas System UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center College of Arts & Sciences at UNT CAS Home CAS Departments & Programs CAS Student Advising Site last updated on May 13, 2016. Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 