 cas   advising faq Frequently Asked Questions College of Arts Sciences cas   advising faq Frequently Asked Questions College of Arts Sciences cas   advising faq Frequently Asked Questions College of Arts Sciences cas   advising faq Frequently Asked Questions College of Arts Sciences cas   advising faq Frequently Asked Questions College of Arts Sciences cas   advising faq Frequently Asked Questions College of Arts Sciences cas   advising faq Frequently Asked Questions College of Arts Sciences cas   advising faq Frequently Asked Questions College of Arts Sciences cas   advising faq Frequently Asked Questions College of Arts Sciences cas   advising faq Frequently Asked Questions College of Arts Sciences  Frequently Asked Questions | College of Arts & Sciences MyUNT Webmail Blackboard EagleConnect UNTranet Maps Giving to UNT Skip to content Home Academic Divisions Centers & Institutes Services People Advising Forms Alumni IT Donate The College of Arts & Sciences will become 2 new colleges in May 2017. This website may contain out of date information. Biology, Chemistry, Math, and Physics students should visit the College of Science. All other students should visit the College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences. Advising Advisor Contacts Core Requirements FAQ Integrative Studies and Social Science Programs Graduation Application GPA Calculations Health Professions Majors, Minors and Certificates Online Academic Resources Pre-Law Scholarships and Awards Transfer FAQs UNT's Academic Standards UNT » Colleges & Schools » CAS » Advising » Frequently Asked Questions How do I change my major? Video answer | Text answer Can I take courses at another college or university while I am enrolled at UNT? Video answer | Text answer How do I find out why I have a hold on my registration at my.unt.edu? Video answer | Text answer Where can I find out what degree requirements I have left? Video answer | Text answer Contact Information U.S. Postal Address University of North Texas College of Arts and Sciences 1155 Union Circle #305189 Denton, TX 76203-5017 College of Arts & Sciences Dean's Office General Academic Bldg 210 Phone: (940) 565-2497 CAS Office of Student Advising General Academic Bldg 220 Phone: (940) 565-2051 Fax: (940) 565-4529 CAS Information Technology Services General Academic Bldg 313 Phone: (940) 565-4498 Contact Us For questions about the content on this website, contact us. Technical Problems For technical problems with this website, contact our web designer. University of North Texas System UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center College of Arts & Sciences at UNT CAS Home CAS Departments & Programs CAS Student Advising Site last updated on May 01, 2017. Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 