 cas   advising graduation application Graduation Application College of Arts Sciences cas   advising graduation application Graduation Application College of Arts Sciences cas   advising graduation application Graduation Application College of Arts Sciences cas   advising graduation application Graduation Application College of Arts Sciences cas   advising graduation application Graduation Application College of Arts Sciences cas   advising graduation application Graduation Application College of Arts Sciences cas   advising graduation application Graduation Application College of Arts Sciences cas   advising graduation application Graduation Application College of Arts Sciences cas   advising graduation application Graduation Application College of Arts Sciences cas   advising graduation application Graduation Application College of Arts Sciences  Graduation Application | College of Arts & Sciences MyUNT Webmail Blackboard EagleConnect UNTranet Maps Giving to UNT Skip to content Home Academic Divisions Centers & Institutes Services People Advising Forms Alumni IT Donate The College of Arts & Sciences will become 2 new colleges in May 2017. This website may contain out of date information. Biology, Chemistry, Math, and Physics students should visit the College of Science. All other students should visit the College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences. Advising Advisor Contacts Core Requirements FAQ Integrative Studies and Social Science Programs Graduation ApplicationStudent Use of English Requirement GPA Calculations Health Professions Majors, Minors and Certificates Online Academic Resources Pre-Law Scholarships and Awards Transfer FAQs UNT's Academic Standards UNT » Colleges & Schools » CAS » Advising » Graduation Application Apply to Graduate Enrollment at a Second Institution: If you are currently enrolled at another institution, you cannot graduate from UNT this semester. All students must apply for graduation by the deadline. During the semester in which you intend to graduate, please submit your application through MyUNT by the deadline listed in the chart below. In an effort to "go green" and streamline the application process for our graduates, the application for graduation is now online. To proceed with your graduation application follow these instructions: Login to MyUNT and from the Student Center click on the "Apply for Graduation" link in the Other Academic dropdown. The "Apply for Graduation" link will be visible, even if you may not be eligible for graduation at this time. Please see your academic advising office for more information. Verify your program, degree, and major. If your specific program, degree, and/or major is not listed in MyUNT, contact your academic advising office. Select your anticipated graduation term. Only terms for which we are accepting applications will be displayed. Enter your name as you would like it to appear on your diploma and in the commencement program. Please double check for typos - your name will be printed exactly as you entered it. Verify/update your mailing address. This is the address that will be used to send you important graduation/commencement updates (pre-graduation), as well as to send your diploma (6-8 weeks after graduation). Check your UNT email for a confirmation that your application has been received. Check your UNT email frequently for updates as your application is reviewed and processed. For more detailed instructions, click here. Fall 2016 Graduates Applications available: March 10, 2016 Deadline to apply for graduation: Sept 20, 2016 - Undergraduate Sept 9, 2016 - Graduate School Contact Information U.S. Postal Address University of North Texas College of Arts and Sciences 1155 Union Circle #305189 Denton, TX 76203-5017 College of Arts & Sciences Dean's Office General Academic Bldg 210 Phone: (940) 565-2497 CAS Office of Student Advising General Academic Bldg 220 Phone: (940) 565-2051 Fax: (940) 565-4529 CAS Information Technology Services General Academic Bldg 313 Phone: (940) 565-4498 Contact Us For questions about the content on this website, contact us. Technical Problems For technical problems with this website, contact our web designer. University of North Texas System UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center College of Arts & Sciences at UNT CAS Home CAS Departments & Programs CAS Student Advising Site last updated on January 30, 2017. Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 