 cas   advising gpa calculations GPA Calculations College of Arts Sciences cas   advising gpa calculations GPA Calculations College of Arts Sciences cas   advising gpa calculations GPA Calculations College of Arts Sciences cas   advising gpa calculations GPA Calculations College of Arts Sciences cas   advising gpa calculations GPA Calculations College of Arts Sciences cas   advising gpa calculations GPA Calculations College of Arts Sciences cas   advising gpa calculations GPA Calculations College of Arts Sciences cas   advising gpa calculations GPA Calculations College of Arts Sciences cas   advising gpa calculations GPA Calculations College of Arts Sciences cas   advising gpa calculations GPA Calculations College of Arts Sciences  GPA Calculations | College of Arts & Sciences MyUNT Webmail Blackboard EagleConnect UNTranet Maps Giving to UNT Skip to content Home Academic Divisions Centers & Institutes Services People Advising Forms Alumni IT Donate The College of Arts & Sciences will become 2 new colleges in May 2017. This website may contain out of date information. Biology, Chemistry, Math, and Physics students should visit the College of Science. All other students should visit the College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences. Advising Advisor Contacts Core Requirements FAQ Integrative Studies and Social Science Programs Graduation Application GPA CalculationsGPA Calculator GPA Calculator Health Professions Majors, Minors and Certificates Online Academic Resources Pre-Law Scholarships and Awards Transfer FAQs UNT's Academic Standards UNT » Colleges & Schools » CAS » Advising » GPA Calculations How to Calculate Your Grade Point Average (GPA) Definition of Terms:     Credit Hours  The hours assigned to a course, this number is listed in both the schedule of classes and the catalog and is usually 1 to 5 hours. Grade Value The numerical value assigned to a grade; A = 4 points, B = 3 points, C = 2 points, D = 1 point, and F = 0 points. Grade Points Number of credit hours for a course times the grade value. Attempted Hours Credit hours for which you earn a grade in (excluding I's , P/NP, or W's); note: WF is the same grade as an F and counts in attempted hours. Earned Hours Credit hours which you passed (with a grade of D or higher). Duplication When the same course is taken a second time, the first grade can be deleted from your g.p.a. when a duplications form is filled out and turned in to the Registrar's Office. Note: the first grade is the only grade that can be deleted from your GPA and the duplication form should be turned in prior to earning the grade for the second course attempt. Repeat When a course has been taken and completed for a grade (excluding I's , P/NP, or W's) three or more times; if a duplication form has been filed only the first grade is removed from your GPA and each course attempt after the first is included in your GPA.    Step by Step Process on How to Calculate Your Grade Point Average  Standard GPA Calculation    Multiply the grade value of the course by the semester hours for that course. The product of this multiplication will be the grade points. Divide the cumulative grade points by the cumulative attempted hours.    Example Course Grade Value (Times) Credit Hours Attempted (Equals) Grade Points HIST 2620 A = 4 X 3 = 12 ENGL 1310 B = 3 X 3 = 9 MATH 1710 C = 2 X 4 = 8 THEA 1340 D = 1 X 3 = 3 PSCI 1040 F = 0 X 3 = 0     Totals: 16   32 Divide 32 (Grade Points Column) by 16 (Credit Hours Attempted Column) and the G.P.A. = 2.00 Duplicating Courses & GPA Calculation Subtract the number of hours you are duplicating, see definition above, from the total hours attempted for all semesters. Subtract the grade points (if any) for the courses you are duplicating from the total number of grade points earned for all semesters. Divide the new total hours attempted by the new grade points earned for the corrected GPA. File a duplication form in the Registrar's Office to officially correct your GPA. Note: Only the first course attempt can be removed from your GPA, additional attempts are called "repeats" and are averaged into your GPA. To have the computer calculate Grade Point Averages for you, visit our GPA Calculator. View UNT's Academic Standards. Contact Information U.S. Postal Address University of North Texas College of Arts and Sciences 1155 Union Circle #305189 Denton, TX 76203-5017 College of Arts & Sciences Dean's Office General Academic Bldg 210 Phone: (940) 565-2497 CAS Office of Student Advising General Academic Bldg 220 Phone: (940) 565-2051 Fax: (940) 565-4529 CAS Information Technology Services General Academic Bldg 313 Phone: (940) 565-4498 Contact Us For questions about the content on this website, contact us. Technical Problems For technical problems with this website, contact our web designer. University of North Texas System UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center College of Arts & Sciences at UNT CAS Home CAS Departments & Programs CAS Student Advising Site last updated on April 12, 2017. Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 