 cas   advising health professions Office of Health Professions College of Arts Sciences cas   advising health professions Office of Health Professions College of Arts Sciences cas   advising health professions Office of Health Professions College of Arts Sciences cas   advising health professions Office of Health Professions College of Arts Sciences cas   advising health professions Office of Health Professions College of Arts Sciences cas   advising health professions Office of Health Professions College of Arts Sciences cas   advising health professions Office of Health Professions College of Arts Sciences cas   advising health professions Office of Health Professions College of Arts Sciences cas   advising health professions Office of Health Professions College of Arts Sciences cas   advising health professions Office of Health Professions College of Arts Sciences  Office of Health Professions | College of Arts & Sciences MyUNT Webmail Blackboard EagleConnect UNTranet Maps Giving to UNT Skip to content Home Academic Divisions Centers & Institutes Services People Advising Forms Alumni IT Donate The College of Arts & Sciences will become 2 new colleges in May 2017. This website may contain out of date information. Biology, Chemistry, Math, and Physics students should visit the College of Science. All other students should visit the College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences. Advising Advisor Contacts Core Requirements FAQ Integrative Studies and Social Science Programs Graduation Application GPA Calculations Health ProfessionsAdvising Updates HPAC (Health Professions Advisory Committee) Pre-Health Profession Student Organizations Resources Majors, Minors and Certificates Online Academic Resources Pre-Law Scholarships and Awards Transfer FAQs UNT's Academic Standards UNT » Colleges & Schools » CAS » Advising » Office of Health Professions The Office of Health Professions assists all university students seeking to enter a career field in the health care industry. Our counselors provide pre-health advising in the following areas: Medical                                                              Dental Veterinary Medicine Pharmacy                                     Physician Assistant Physical Therapy Occupational Therapy Optometry Chiropractic Podiatry UNT does not offer an actual program for each of the professions listed above.  As advisors, we help students navigate their path to such a professional program.  Because of the intimidating nature of this journey, our mission is to provide students with a plan that is time-efficient, competitive, and aligns favorably with their individual passion.  Some of the services we provide include the following: Personalized Advising (Who is my advisor?) Career Exploration/Alternative Plans Application Guidance and Planning (seminars, workshops, etc.) Tutoring Review of Entrance Requirements Professional Timeline Industry Resources Interview Preparation HPAC (Health Professions Advisory Committee) For periodic updates, please 'like' us on Facebook!   Contact Information U.S. Postal Address University of North Texas College of Arts and Sciences 1155 Union Circle #305189 Denton, TX 76203-5017 College of Arts & Sciences Dean's Office General Academic Bldg 210 Phone: (940) 565-2497 CAS Office of Student Advising General Academic Bldg 220 Phone: (940) 565-2051 Fax: (940) 565-4529 CAS Information Technology Services General Academic Bldg 313 Phone: (940) 565-4498 Contact Us For questions about the content on this website, contact us. Technical Problems For technical problems with this website, contact our web designer. University of North Texas System UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center College of Arts & Sciences at UNT CAS Home CAS Departments & Programs CAS Student Advising Site last updated on January 13, 2017. Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 