 cas   advising pre law Pre Law College of Arts Sciences cas   advising pre law Pre Law College of Arts Sciences cas   advising pre law Pre Law College of Arts Sciences cas   advising pre law Pre Law College of Arts Sciences cas   advising pre law Pre Law College of Arts Sciences cas   advising pre law Pre Law College of Arts Sciences cas   advising pre law Pre Law College of Arts Sciences cas   advising pre law Pre Law College of Arts Sciences cas   advising pre law Pre Law College of Arts Sciences cas   advising pre law Pre Law College of Arts Sciences  Pre-Law | College of Arts & Sciences MyUNT Webmail Blackboard EagleConnect UNTranet Maps Giving to UNT Skip to content Home Academic Divisions Centers & Institutes Services People Advising Forms Alumni IT Donate The College of Arts & Sciences will become 2 new colleges in May 2017. This website may contain out of date information. Biology, Chemistry, Math, and Physics students should visit the College of Science. All other students should visit the College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences. Advising Advisor Contacts Core Requirements FAQ Integrative Studies and Social Science Programs Graduation Application GPA Calculations Health Professions Majors, Minors and Certificates Online Academic Resources Pre-LawLegal Studies Certificate Calendar Academic Preparation Preparing for the LSAT Applying to Law School Additional Resources FAQs LSAT Prep Donations Phi Alpha Delta Contact Us Scholarships and Awards Transfer FAQs UNT's Academic Standards UNT » Colleges & Schools » CAS » Advising » Pre-Law Welcome to the University of North Texas Office of Pre-Law Advising! Our mission is to help students interested in a legal career make good choices and achieve their goals. We advise students from their first year at UNT through the law school application process. Our services are available to all current UNT students, as well as to UNT alumni seeking admission to law school. Please note, pre-law is not an academic major at UNT. Rather, you should major in something that you will enjoy and in which you can maintain a good GPA. There is no right major for those wanting to go on to law school. Any major will work (including majors in the arts and natural sciences), though we do recommend you take some courses through your undergraduate career that emphasize strong writing and reasoning skills to help you prepare for law school. Pre-law advising is available for all students of all majors. Book an Advising Appointment with Wendy Watson Contact Information U.S. Postal Address University of North Texas College of Arts and Sciences 1155 Union Circle #305189 Denton, TX 76203-5017 College of Arts & Sciences Dean's Office General Academic Bldg 210 Phone: (940) 565-2497 CAS Office of Student Advising General Academic Bldg 220 Phone: (940) 565-2051 Fax: (940) 565-4529 CAS Information Technology Services General Academic Bldg 313 Phone: (940) 565-4498 Contact Us For questions about the content on this website, contact us. Technical Problems For technical problems with this website, contact our web designer. University of North Texas System UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center College of Arts & Sciences at UNT CAS Home CAS Departments & Programs CAS Student Advising Site last updated on August 01, 2016. Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 