 cas   advising transfer faqs Transfer FAQs College of Arts Sciences cas   advising transfer faqs Transfer FAQs College of Arts Sciences cas   advising transfer faqs Transfer FAQs College of Arts Sciences cas   advising transfer faqs Transfer FAQs College of Arts Sciences cas   advising transfer faqs Transfer FAQs College of Arts Sciences cas   advising transfer faqs Transfer FAQs College of Arts Sciences cas   advising transfer faqs Transfer FAQs College of Arts Sciences cas   advising transfer faqs Transfer FAQs College of Arts Sciences cas   advising transfer faqs Transfer FAQs College of Arts Sciences cas   advising transfer faqs Transfer FAQs College of Arts Sciences  Transfer FAQs | College of Arts & Sciences MyUNT Webmail Blackboard EagleConnect UNTranet Maps Giving to UNT Skip to content Home Academic Divisions Centers & Institutes Services People Advising Forms Alumni IT Donate The College of Arts & Sciences will become 2 new colleges in May 2017. This website may contain out of date information. Biology, Chemistry, Math, and Physics students should visit the College of Science. All other students should visit the College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences. Advising Advisor Contacts Core Requirements FAQ Integrative Studies and Social Science Programs Graduation Application GPA Calculations Health Professions Majors, Minors and Certificates Online Academic Resources Pre-Law Scholarships and Awards Transfer FAQs UNT's Academic Standards UNT » Colleges & Schools » CAS » Advising » Transfer FAQs Transfer Credit Information Click Here to View Transfer Guides for UNT Frequently Asked Questions About Transfer Credit Will all of my credits transfer to UNT? All courses taken for academic credit will transfer to UNT, some will apply toward your degree requirements and some will count as electives.  Check with an advisor to find out how your transfer credits will apply toward your degree (visit Advisor Contacts to find your advisor). Why did UNT not accept all of my transfer credit? Each University and Community/Junior College offers different types of credit.  UNT accepts all courses taken for college level academic credit.  Remedial or developmental courses taken to prepare you for college level academic credit are not accepted.  Technical or Work Force Education (WECM) courses are not accepted to UNT unless you are pursuing a Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences and the courses have been approved for use by your Academic Dean at UNT.  Courses taken for Continuing Education are non-credit courses and are not accepted at UNT. What kind of information can I find on UNT's web site about transfer credit? We have a transfer guide web site (located at http://essc.unt.edu/registrar/articulation/index.html) which provides general information about the transfer of courses to the UNT core (limited to Texas Public Colleges and Universities) and information about the transfer of courses to a specific major (limited to area Community Colleges). Additionally you can use our interactive website, U.Select, to look up course equivalencies or run degree audits.  If you set up an account you can enter your course work to see how your courses from other institutions will apply toward degree requirements at UNT.  NOTE: Not all courses from all institutions have information or equivalencies listed in U.Select. Will the Undergraduate Admissions Office send me information about my transfer courses? Admissions will send you a summary of the credits you have transferred to UNT including the number of credit hours accepted, number of credit hours attempted and number of grade points earned for your courses.  You will not receive a summary of how each of your courses applies toward your degree/major, you will be able to speak with an advisor at orientation (all new students are required to attend orientation and can not register with out attending).  You can also contact and advisor to ask specific questions prior to attending orientation (visit Advisor Contacts to find your advisor). --- Contact Information U.S. Postal Address University of North Texas College of Arts and Sciences 1155 Union Circle #305189 Denton, TX 76203-5017 College of Arts & Sciences Dean's Office General Academic Bldg 210 Phone: (940) 565-2497 CAS Office of Student Advising General Academic Bldg 220 Phone: (940) 565-2051 Fax: (940) 565-4529 CAS Information Technology Services General Academic Bldg 313 Phone: (940) 565-4498 Contact Us For questions about the content on this website, contact us. Technical Problems For technical problems with this website, contact our web designer. University of North Texas System UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center College of Arts & Sciences at UNT CAS Home CAS Departments & Programs CAS Student Advising Site last updated on April 12, 2017. Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 