 studentaffairs   student health and wellness center Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center Student Health and Wellness Center Division of Student Affairs  Student Health and Wellness Center | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Health and Wellness Center » Home About Us » About Us Hours Location & Parking Staff Appointments Services » Services Primary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education Administrative » Administrative Billing and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Health and Wellness Center Home About UsHours Location & Parking Staff Appointments ServicesPrimary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education AdministrativeBilling and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Student Health and Wellness Center Frequently Referenced Links Billing and Insurance Forms Health Center Pricing Meningitis FAQ Notice of Patient Privacy Patient Rights and Responsibilities UNT Vaccination Requirements   On-Campus Health Services The Student Health and Wellness Center is the on-campus medical clinic for UNT students.  Our clinic offers treatment for injuries, illnesses, and other medical issues with convenient access to on-site laboratory testing, x-rays, and pharmacy services.  We also offer health education services to keep UNT students healthy, in class, and on the path to graduation and professional success. Medical Services Our licensed medical and support staff provides primary health care and additional services, including but not limited to: Acute care for accidental injury/illness Allergy injections Basic diagnostic x-rays Flu vaccinations (when available) Immunizations (including Meningitis) Laboratory testing Nutritional consultations Psychiatric assessments (with referral) Walk-in STD testing Women's care exams and education Additional health services available to UNT students includes: Dental services Optical services Pharmacy Patient Privacy and Confidentiality The Student Health and Wellness Center is compliant with HIPAA, FERPA, and other state and federal law. Our staff takes all possible steps to protect the privacy and confidentiality of patients' Protected Health Information. For more information, visit our medical records department. Emergency – Call 911 The Student Health & Wellness Center is NOT an Emergency Room.  By calling 911, first responders will provide you with the most prompt response to an emergency, whether on or off campus. Request an Appointment Consultation with a general medical provider is covered by student fees.  Additional charges may be incurred during your visit for specialty visits and for labs or other ancillary charges.  See the pricing page for more information. We do not file insurance to outside insurance companies. UNT students enrolled in the student insurance plan can use the 24-hour telehealth line at 855-355-7998 for free medical advice. Students enrolled in other health insurance should consult the back of their insurance card for medical advice options.  All students may call Parkland’s Nurse Call Line at 214-266-8777 free of charge 24/7. Contact  Medical Emergencies - 911 Health and Wellness Center - Main Line - (940) 565-2333 Administration - (940) 369-7752 Appointments - (940) 565-2333 Billing - (940) 369-8543 Laboratory - (940) 565-2779 Meadows Center for Health Resources - (940) 565-2787 Medical Records - (940) 565-3744 Pharmacy - (940) 565-2790 Radiology - (940) 565-2783 Web and Online Support - (940) 565-2786 or e-mail: askSHWC@unt.edu Please DO NOT e-mail specific health information as e-mail is not a secure medium. After Hours Call Lines Telehealth line for students on UNT student insurance - 855-355-7998 After hours care for students with other insurance policies - call the number listed on your insurance card for medical advice options Nurse line for students without insurance - 214-266-8777     Services Provided by Student Health & Wellness Center Radiology The Radiology department provides basic radiographic examinations and diagnostic x-rays with a Student Health... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Walk-In STD Testing The Student Health and Wellness Center is happy to announce that we are now providing walk-in testing... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Men's Health Men's heath. By: Student Health and Wellness Center Meadows Center for Health Resources The Meadows Center for Health Resources is the health education office of the Student Health and Wellness... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Laboratory The Student Health and Wellness Center operates a full-service clinical laboratory which provides... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Pharmacy The Student Health and Wellness Center Pharmacy is a non-profit, state owned and fully licensed pharmacy.... By: Student Health and Wellness Center Massage Therapy Services Affordable massage therapy services to faculty, staff and students. By: Student Health and Wellness Center The Conversation: Peer Health Educators The Meadows Center for Health Resources sponsors the Conversation, a peer health education student... By: Student Health and Wellness Center News and Posts Fall 2016 Flu Vaccinations Tuesday, October 11, 2016 - 10:52am Student Health and Wellness Center Meningitis Tuesday, October 04, 2016 - 10:38am Student Health and Wellness Center Tuberculosis Screening Requirement for High Risk Students Wednesday, August 03, 2016 - 04:44pm Student Health and Wellness Center Summer brings more mosquitoes, take necessary precautions Wednesday, August 03, 2016 - 04:20pm Student Health and Wellness Center What is West Nile Virus and how do I prevent it? Wednesday, August 03, 2016 - 04:17pm Student Health and Wellness Center Connect with Us askSHWC@unt.edu (940) 565-2333 Physical AddressChestnut Hall, 2nd Floor Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 