  cob   about mission Mission Vision Values College of Business   cob   about mission Mission Vision Values College of Business   cob   about mission Mission Vision Values College of Business   cob   about mission Mission Vision Values College of Business   cob   about mission Mission Vision Values College of Business   cob   about mission Mission Vision Values College of Business   cob   about mission Mission Vision Values College of Business   cob   about mission Mission Vision Values College of Business   cob   about mission Mission Vision Values College of Business   cob   about mission Mission Vision Values College of Business   Mission-Vision-Values « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard UNT College of Business Departments Home College About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics Future Students Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Current Students Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast CoB People CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login INVEST How to Invest Give a Gift In This Section Contact CoB Fast Facts Strategic Plan News Mission - Vision - Values Maps & Directions Employment Feedback Mission - Vision - Values Mission To prepare global business leaders and scholars in an intellectually stimulating and engaging community through preeminent teaching, research, and service. Vision To be an agile institution and to transcend national and international standards of excellence in research and education. Values IntegrityDemonstrated by honesty, sincerity and trustworthiness. FairnessDemonstrated by objectivity and equity. CourtesyDemonstrated by respectfulness and civility. TransparencyDemonstrated by openness. CommunityDemonstrated by an appreciation and inclusion of diverse backgrounds and perspectives, solicitation of stakeholder input, and the practice of participatory decision making. InnovationDemonstrated by advancements in curricula, research, and approaches to problem solving. Goals: To provide students with the knowledge to succeed in their chosen field and ensure the development of skills in problem solving, ethical decision making, communications, teamwork, and leadership. To produce primarily basic research that supports applied and pedagogical inquiry. To actively pursue and secure external funding opportunities. To continuously integrate technology throughout UNT CoB to support undergraduate and graduate programs, research, and service. To attract and develop outstanding students who are dedicated to intellectual excellence. To attract, nurture, and retain faculty dedicated to education, scholarship and the mission, vision and values of UNT CoB. To engage in service to the College, University, professional fields, the State of Texas, and the communities we serve. To provide opportunities for continued involvement, education, and professional growth of alumni. Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact the College of Business This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 