  cob   dean Dean s Office College of Business   cob   dean Dean s Office College of Business   cob   dean Dean s Office College of Business   cob   dean Dean s Office College of Business   cob   dean Dean s Office College of Business   cob   dean Dean s Office College of Business   cob   dean Dean s Office College of Business   cob   dean Dean s Office College of Business   cob   dean Dean s Office College of Business   cob   dean Dean s Office College of Business   Dean's Office « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard UNT College of Business Departments Home College About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics Future Students Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Current Students Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast CoB People CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login INVEST How to Invest Give a Gift University of North Texas College of Business Office of the Dean Contact us In This Site Welcome Note Leadership Team Our Staff Advisory Board Policies for Faculty Management AACSB AACSB Report UNT College of Business Outcomes Assurance of Learning in the UNT College of Business BBA/BS MBA/MS Ph.D. College of Business Ambassadors Office of the Dean Welcome to UNT's College of Business Since 1942, the College of Business at the University of North Texas has been preparing students for success in business and public service. As the landscape of the global business environment changes, it is crucial that we adapt the way we educate our future business leaders. The College of Business is poised to be at the forefront of business education and research. The construction of our $70 million Business Leadership Building is only a part of our commitment to provide a quality educational experience for our students. The facility will feature cutting-edge technology that is in step with our global and real-time economy. The new building will also help us achieve the goal of offering the region's highest quality business education within the context of a student-centered research university. Our renowned faculty are the heart of our college. Not only has their research garnered international recognition, but they are committed to hands-on student learning. The work of this elite group of educators impacts business, industry, and government in the DFW region and throughout the world. Our students, many of whom work full-time, appreciate the "learn today, apply tomorrow" classroom philosophy and pedagogy of our faculty. We also provide students with meaningful co-curricular opportunities to enhance their learning experience including student organizations, study abroad programs, internships and the Professional Leadership Program. UNT's College of Business educates leaders who have an impact in today's technological and global business environment. Most importantly, we focus on producing graduates who have the capabilities, knowledge and character to succeed in their chosen fields. Graduates of the College of Business are members of a distinguished network of almost 50,000 proud alumni. Whether you are a future student excited about exploring the world of business, an alumnus returning to the Mean Green network, a businessperson looking for professional development opportunities, or a visitor eager to learn more about our college, we look forward to connecting with you. Please take time to explore our website. We are excited about the future of business education at UNT. Together we can "Build Today for Business Tomorrow." Thank you for your continued support. Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact the College of Business This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 