  cob   fsc Faculty Support Center College of Business   cob   fsc Faculty Support Center College of Business   cob   fsc Faculty Support Center College of Business   cob   fsc Faculty Support Center College of Business   cob   fsc Faculty Support Center College of Business   cob   fsc Faculty Support Center College of Business   cob   fsc Faculty Support Center College of Business   cob   fsc Faculty Support Center College of Business   cob   fsc Faculty Support Center College of Business   cob   fsc Faculty Support Center College of Business   Faculty Support Center « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard UNT College of Business Departments Home College About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics Future Students Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Current Students Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast CoB People CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login INVEST How to Invest Give a Gift In This Site FSC Home Printing Services Mail Services Exams and Testing Other Services Support Center Copy Form Support Center Exam Request Form Fax Cover Sheet.docx FSC basic information Faculty Support Center The Faculty Support Center (FSC) is located in the Business Leadership Building Room 352. The purpose of the FSC is to support College of Business Faculty and Ph.D. students however possible, in regards to student related activities. Hours vary by the time of the year. During the Fall and Spring semesters, hours are: Monday - Thursday 7:30 AM to 6:30 PM and Friday 8 AM to 5 PM. Between semesters and during Summer sessions hours will vary and will be announced via email or posting on the FSC door. The doors leading into the Faculty floor will automatically unlock at 7:30 AM and lock at 6:30 PM. After hours you will need to use your identification card to gain entry. To gain entry to the freight elevator doors, mailroom door and stairwell doors, faculty and ph. d students may use the key given to you for third floor access. Patios are accessible by the T-key or the key that opens classrooms. Contact Mailing address: 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Shipping address: 1307 W. Highland St. Room 352 Denton TX 76201 Email: Cob-facsupctr@unt.edu Phone: 940.565.3139 Fax: 940.565.3803 You may send or receive faxes from this number. Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact the College of Business This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 