 cas   College of Arts Sciences cas   College of Arts Sciences cas   College of Arts Sciences cas   College of Arts Sciences cas   College of Arts Sciences cas   College of Arts Sciences cas   College of Arts Sciences cas   College of Arts Sciences cas   College of Arts Sciences cas   College of Arts Sciences  College of Arts & Sciences MyUNT Webmail Blackboard EagleConnect UNTranet Maps Giving to UNT Skip to content Home Academic Divisions Centers & Institutes Services People Advising Forms Alumni IT Donate The College of Arts & Sciences will become 2 new colleges in May 2017. This website may contain out of date information. Biology, Chemistry, Math, and Physics students should visit the College of Science. All other students should visit the College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences. UNT » Colleges & Schools » CAS Biological Sciences Faculty in the Department of Biological Sciences’ Developmental Integrative Biology and Plant Science/Signaling groups recently moved into a new 85,000 square foot research building. Biology faculty are funded by and serve on numerous national science advisory panels including the National Science Foundation, the EPA, USDA, and National Institutes of Health. Visit the Biological Sciences site Forensic Science UNT's Forensic Science Program is the only nationally accredited program of its kind in Texas and the surrounding states. It is led by faculty with national reputations in the forensic field. Visit the Forensic Science site Geography The Department of Geography offers active learning experiences in classroom and field settings, including more than 40 internship opportunities and training in such applied skills as geographic information systems and remote sensing, now in high demand on the job market. Last year, the department’s students won paper competitions in both of the major conferences in the discipline. Visit the Geography site Jewish and Israel Studies The UNT Jewish and Israel Studies Program is the only Jewish and Israel Studies program at a public university in the Dallas-Fort Worth area. The program includes 47 courses on Jews and Judaism across seven of UNT's colleges taught by 25 faculty in 10 departments. 14 of the program's courses are on the state of Israel. Visit the Jewish and Israel Studies site Communication Studies Thirteen faculty members and 18 graduate students from the Department of Communication Studies presented research at the most recent National Communication Association Conference in New Orleans, LA. Visit the Communication Studies site Mathematics The UNT Math Lab in the Department of Mathematics has been providing math tutoring services to students for more than 50 years. The tutor center was one of the first in the country to be named "Math Lab" and was a volunteer service until the late 1970s when UNT became the first in the country to operate the Math Lab in its current model. Visit the Mathematics site Psychology The Department of Psychology attracts students nationally for scientific and practitioner training in their well-equipped Psychology Clinic in which more than 60 students see more than 700 clients yearly. Visit the Psychology site English UNT’s Department of English features outstanding programs and faculty in the fields of literary and cultural studies, creative writing, and rhetoric/composition. The department recently bolstered the quality of its programs through the establishment of the UNT-Rilke Prize, a $10,000 annual award for poetry which was given for the first time in April 2012. Visit the English site Dance & Theatre Student and faculty accomplishments in the Department of Dance & Theatre receive critical acclaim. Recent awards include a Golden Pen Award from the U.S. Institute for Theatre Technology and a DFW Theater Critics Forum Outstanding Actress Award. Visit the Dance & Theatre site Political Science The Department of Political Science was recently named the editorial home of the American Political Science Review, the premier political science journal in the world, and is currently building the “Human Security, Democracy, and Global Development” research cluster. Visit the Political Science site Economics The Department of Economics’ master’s program in Economic Research is the top-rated terminal master’s program in the southwestern U.S. and is among the top-20 in the nation. Additionally, five current faculty members of the Department of Economics have been awarded national or local teaching awards, and two faculty have earned university service awards. Visit the Economics site Chemistry The Department of Chemistry houses the U.S. Department of Education-supported Center for Advanced Scientific Computing and Modeling (CASCAM), one of the most comprehensive computational chemistry programs in the United States. The department is also renown for its faculty, some of whom serve as fellows for the American Chemical Society and editors of major chemistry journals. Visit the Chemistry site Physics Students in the Department of Physics have used telescopes at UNT’s Monroe Robotic Observatory to detect planets orbiting stars other than the Sun, or so called “exoplanets.” The Observatory has also made thousands of measurements of stars that vary in brightness, including discovery of a previously unknown variable star. Visit the Physics site International Studies The International Studies Program is one of the fastest growing majors on campus and has 6 concentrations including International Security and Diplomacy, International Business and Economics, International Development and Humanitarian Affairs, Regional Studies, African and Middle Eastern Studies and Peace Studies. Visit the International Studies site Aerospace Studies The Division of Aerospace Studies opened its doors in 1951 and has, to date, commissioned more than 500 Second Lieutenants. Two have achieved the rank of General in the United States Air Force. Visit the Aerospace Studies site World Languages, Literatures & Cultures The Department of World Languages, Literatures, and Cultures continues to gain national and international recognition for its accomplishments, including its French and Spanish Graduate Summer Institutes—unique in the Southwest— and its numerous study-abroad programs. Visit the World Languages, Literatures & Cultures site Applied Science The Institute of Applied Science, home to the first environmental science doctoral program in Texas, controls one of only three labs in the nation that have been authorized to conduct endocrine disruptor studies that the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency will use to set regulatory standards for chemicals. Visit the Applied Science site Women's and Gender Studies The interdisciplinary Women’s and Gender Studies Program offers courses from 19 different departments at UNT. 80% of Women’s Studies graduate students finishing their degrees in the past 2 years have jobs in the Women’s Studies field. The program also became home to Beta Rho, the UNT chapter recently approved by the national Women’s Studies Honor Society, Iota Iota Iota... Visit the Women's and Gender Studies site Media Arts The Department of Media Arts is one of the largest of its kind in the U.S., and is also home to KNTU and ntTV. Both media outlets are perennial winners of awards from the Broadcast Education Association; in addition, students at KNTU have won numerous Texas Associated Press Broadcasters awards and students at ntTV have been awarded a lot of Lone Star Emmys.” Visit the Media Arts site History More than 130 students have earned doctoral degrees from the Department of History, which awarded its first doctorate in 1970. The department also enjoys the increasing popularity of its Military History Center, which has been acclaimed by scholars as one of the top two programs of its kind in the United States. Visit the History site Philosophy and Religion The Department of Philosophy and Religion, home of the leading graduate program in environmental ethics and environmental philosophy, has created the world's first field station in environmental philosophy, science, and policy at Cape Horn, Chile. Visit the Philosophy and Religion site Latest News Subscribe to our RSS feed February 20, 2017Third Annual Postwar Faculty Colloquium This event is made possible by a Team Mentoring Grant through the Office of Faculty Success. Read more » February 8, 2017Rilke Prize Winner 2017 Wayne Miller’s Post-, published by Milkweed Editions, has won the 2017 UNT Rilke Prize. The $10,000 prize recognizes a book written by a mid-career poet and published in the preceding year that demonstrates exceptional artistry and vision. A Q&A and reception for Miller will be held on Wednesday, April 12, at UNT on the Square and a campus reading will take place on Thursday, April 13, 2017. Read more » January 27, 2017Visiting Writers Series Spring 2017 Melissa Kwasny, Jeffrey Eugenides, and the Rilke Prize Winner Read more » November 8, 2016UNT Debate brings home a State Championship The University of North Texas Debate Team competed at the 2016 Fall Texas Intercollegiate Forensic Association (TIFA) Championship Tournament. The team of Garrett Hammonds (senior) and Abron Hester (junior) advanced as the #1 seed to the elimination and defeated 3 additional Texas colleges on their way to winning the Championship. Read more » November 2, 2016Graphics Editor at The New York Times to Give Workshop at UNT The Department of Geography and the Environment is proud to announce a free workshop: Designing Maps that Tell Better Stories by Derek Watkins, Graphics Editor at The New York Times. Read more » View more news » Most visited pages Academic Divisions Undergraduate Advising Advisor Contact Information GPA Calculations Majors, Minors and Certificates Core Requirements Office of Health Professions Donor Spotlight Debbie Brooks established The Lois Honeycutt Bodine Scholarship in Chemistry. This is a memorial scholarship in memory of her grandmother who was a student of UNT's Department of Chemistry and a member of the Chemistry Club. We are grateful to Ms. Brooks for changing students' lives through education. Contact Information U.S. Postal Address University of North Texas College of Arts and Sciences 1155 Union Circle #305189 Denton, TX 76203-5017 College of Arts & Sciences Dean's Office General Academic Bldg 210 Phone: (940) 565-2497 CAS Office of Student Advising General Academic Bldg 220 Phone: (940) 565-2051 Fax: (940) 565-4529 CAS Information Technology Services General Academic Bldg 313 Phone: (940) 565-4498 Contact Us For questions about the content on this website, contact us. Technical Problems For technical problems with this website, contact our web designer. University of North Texas System UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center College of Arts & Sciences at UNT CAS Home CAS Departments & Programs CAS Student Advising Site last updated on May 9, 2017. Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 