  cob   future students hands on experience  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students hands on experience  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students hands on experience  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students hands on experience  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students hands on experience  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students hands on experience  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students hands on experience  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students hands on experience  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students hands on experience  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students hands on experience  Future Students College of Business   Future Students « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard UNT College of Business Departments Home College About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics Future Students Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Current Students Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast CoB People CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login INVEST How to Invest Give a Gift In This Section Why UNT College of Business? Hands-on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Hands-on Experience The Professional Leadership Program is one of many of our programs that help you transform into the business leader you aspire to be. At UNT, learning isn’t limited to the classroom. Choose from programs designed to give you practical experience and the skills you need to stand out from the crowd. Put your education into action Get practical experience and enhance your classroom learning through an internship. You can earn credit for qualifying full-time paid internships through UNT's Career Center. Gain an international perspective Broaden your horizons and prepare to be a business leader with study abroad opportunities. The College of Business has partnerships and dual degree programs with universities all over the world that offer both short-term and semester-long programs. Scholarships are available to help offset the cost. Learn from successful business leaders Interact with prominent executives and community leaders through the College of Business Distinguished Speaker Series. Past speakers include top executives from Frito-Lay, Coca-Cola, TD Ameritrade, Fidelity Investments and Chili's Grill & Bar. Find your place Our learning communities give you the chance to form strong bonds by taking several classes with a small group of your College of Business classmates. Student organizations such as the Real Estate Group, Women in Business and the Student Investment Group make it easy for you to connect with fellow students and enrich your education. Develop the skills to lead and innovate in the corporate world through the  UNT Professional Leadership Program, a cooperative effort between the College of Business and local corporate sponsors. “I’m excited for my career ahead. The logistics program helped me land an internship with a major Fortune 500 defense contractor and is preparing me with tools I need to excel in this profession.” Casey Saaty Logistics and Supply Chain student Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact the College of Business This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 