  cob   future students the  advantage  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students the  advantage  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students the  advantage  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students the  advantage  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students the  advantage  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students the  advantage  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students the  advantage  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students the  advantage  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students the  advantage  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students the  advantage  Future Students College of Business   Future Students « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard UNT College of Business Departments Home College About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics Future Students Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Current Students Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast CoB People CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login INVEST How to Invest Give a Gift In This Section Why UNT College of Business? Hands-on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information The UNT Advantage Supporting your success Get hands-on, real-time experience in financial markets with the Trading Room in the Business Leadership Building. UNT’s state-of-the-art Business Leadership Building is the most visible proof of the College of Business’ commitment to providing you with a high-quality education. The student-focused amenities in the building – like the spacious atrium and Biz Café – encourage conversation and collaboration outside of the classroom. Three research labs, team study rooms, outdoor terraces, Apple TV-enabled classrooms and cloud computing technology enhance your learning experience. The building is designed to accommodate 8,000 students and is certified LEED Gold for sustainability. “The marketing program is helping me grow professionally. My professors, classes, student organizations – everything at UNT is designed to help students succeed in the real world.” Khue “Kylie” Vo M.B.A. student in Marketing Inspiring professionals The College of Business faculty is highly regarded for its teaching excellence and research interests – 82 percent hold doctoral degrees. Meet our faculty. An extra level of support Successfully navigate your degree program with the Tiered Progression Program, which offers progress checks and enrichment activities. Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact the College of Business This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 