  cob   future students explore degrees  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students explore degrees  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students explore degrees  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students explore degrees  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students explore degrees  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students explore degrees  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students explore degrees  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students explore degrees  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students explore degrees  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students explore degrees  Future Students College of Business   Future Students « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard UNT College of Business Departments Home College About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics Future Students Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Current Students Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast CoB People CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login INVEST How to Invest Give a Gift In This Section Why UNT College of Business? Hands-on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Explore Degrees Bachelor’s Degree Programs With friendly and approachable faculty, collaboration doesn't end in the classroom. The College of Business offers 15 Bachelor of Business Administration and Bachelor of Science degree options – such as the dual B.S./M.S. degree in Accounting – that give you the skills employers are looking for. B.B.A. programs: Accounting Business Integrated Studies Business Analytics Business Economics Entrepreneurship Finance Marketing Professional Selling Operations and Supply Chain Management Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management Real Estate Residential Property Management Risk, Insurance and Financial Services B.S. programs: B.S./M.S. in Accounting Aviation Logistics Business Computer Information Systems Logistics and Supply Chain Management Learn more about our undergraduate programs. "The best thing about the College of Business is the faculty. I'm so thankful to have professors who are experienced professionals in their fields and who really bring the class material to life." Michael Jester Finance student Master’s Degree Programs New way to fast track your M.B.A. The College of Business connects you with supportive, award-winning faculty, including Dr. Terrance Pohlen, recently named one of the most influential leaders in the North Texas region by Dallas 500, a special edition of D CEO magazine. Our accelerated online M.B.A. programs in Strategic Management and Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management feature a delivery method that is flexible, convenient, affordable and 100% online. All classes are offered in eight-week sessions so that you can fit them into your busy schedule. Five start dates are available each year – January, March, June, August and October. Learn more about our accelerated online master's program. Several of our other master’s degree programs are offered in both traditional class and online formats, giving you the flexibility to choose the program that works best for you. Learn more about our online MBA courses. M.B.A. programs: Business Studies* Decision Sciences Energy Finance** Health Services Management Information Technology Logistics and Supply Chain Management Marketing** Marketing Analytics Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management** Strategic Management** *offers flexible options in International Business, Library Science and Technology, Real Estate, and Sustainability that allow you to custom-design your degree plan to meet your career path goals. **also offered 100% online. M.S. programs: Accounting Audit Management and Entrepreneurial Business Analytics Finance Taxation Learn more about our master's programs. Doctoral degree program Ph.D. program: Business Accounting Business Computer Information Systems Business Information Assurance Finance Logistics Systems Marketing Management Management Science Learn more about our doctoral degree program. Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact the College of Business This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 