  cob   future students paying for college  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students paying for college  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students paying for college  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students paying for college  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students paying for college  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students paying for college  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students paying for college  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students paying for college  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students paying for college  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students paying for college  Future Students College of Business   Future Students « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard UNT College of Business Departments Home College About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics Future Students Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Current Students Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast CoB People CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login INVEST How to Invest Give a Gift In This Section Why UNT College of Business? Hands-on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Paying for College UNT offers many different types of financial assistance to help you find your place at the College of Business. UNT provides a traditional college experience and the quality of a private university at an affordable cost. We've been named one of America's 100 Best College Buys@ for 20 consecutive years. Above the rest for thousands less UNT’s popular Eagle Express Tuition Plan lets you lock in your academic costs for four years and save up to $3,000 when you graduate on time. No other Texas university offers a more innovative solution to rising college costs. By the numbers About 75 percent of UNT students receive financial aid and scholarships totaling $330 million annually. Types of Assistance and Deadlines Scholarships - funds awarded based on merit and/or need; no repayment required Grants - funds awarded based on need; no repayment required Loans - funds that must be repaid at some point Student employment - 3,500 jobs on campus and 8,500 off campus To receive first consideration for federal financial aid, submit the FAFSA before UNT’s Feb. 1 priority deadline for scholarship consideration. March 1 is the admissions application deadline. Learn more about managing college costs. Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact the College of Business This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 