  cob   future students admissions  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students admissions  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students admissions  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students admissions  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students admissions  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students admissions  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students admissions  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students admissions  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students admissions  Future Students College of Business   cob   future students admissions  Future Students College of Business   Future Students « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard UNT College of Business Departments Home College About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics Future Students Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Current Students Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast CoB People CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login INVEST How to Invest Give a Gift In This Section Why UNT College of Business? Hands-on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Admissions When you graduate from the College of Business, you will have the knowledge and skills to compete in a global marketplace. The College of Business at the University of North Texas is one of the nation’s largest business schools. We prepare tomorrow’s business leaders for success by providing opportunities to develop skills in problem solving, ethical decision-making, communications, teamwork and leadership. If you are interested in joining our collaborative and intellectually stimulating community, here are some resources to get you started. UNT undergraduate admissions CoB transfer student admissions CoB master’s program admissions CoB Ph.D. program admissions   Questions about the undergraduate program? Prospective students to the College of Business are welcome to drop by the Advising Office and speak to an academic advisor. No appointment is necessary; however, prospective students are encouraged to call the office to confirm an advisor will be available that day and time. Call 940-565-2110. Join us for a master’s program information session: The Graduate Programs Office offers free group information sessions for prospective students interested in our master’s program. Participants have an opportunity to ask questions, learn what to expect in graduate course work, degree options, program costs, course requirements and admission standards. Our dedicated staff will assist you in your next step toward pursuing a master’s degree. Get more information about master’s information sessions. Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact the College of Business This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 