  cob   advising services Advising Services College of Business   cob   advising services Advising Services College of Business   cob   advising services Advising Services College of Business   cob   advising services Advising Services College of Business   cob   advising services Advising Services College of Business   cob   advising services Advising Services College of Business   cob   advising services Advising Services College of Business   cob   advising services Advising Services College of Business   cob   advising services Advising Services College of Business   cob   advising services Advising Services College of Business   Advising Services « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard UNT College of Business Departments Home College About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics Future Students Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Current Students Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast CoB People CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login INVEST How to Invest Give a Gift In This Site Office of Undergraduate Advising Graduate Programs Office Ph.D. Program Office Advising Services Office of Undergraduate Advising Visit the College of Business Undergraduate Advising Office for more information regarding advising services as well as degree program options and degree requirements for the Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) and the Bachelor of Science (BS) programs. You can find our contact information, physical location, hours of operation, and other advising and registration information for current CoB students. Graduate Programs Office The Graduate Programs Office assists students in achieving success in the College of Business beginning with admission to a Master's program and ending with graduation. The Graduate Programs Office coordinates the application and admission process for all College of Business Master's programs including MBA, MS, Graduate Non-Degree Seeking, and Certificate Programs. In addition, the Graduate Programs Office oversees the implementation of Master's program policies and procedures. Ph.D. Program Office Welcome to the Ph.D. Program & Research website of the College of Business. Our Ph.D. Programs are structured to challenge outstanding men and women who possess the unique ability to analyze complex problems and to synthesize solutions. The programs are designed to prepare you for a career in teaching and research yet, they are flexible enough to accommodate individuals whose career objectives may lie outside academia. We hope that the information provided will address most of your questions, please do not hesitate to contact our program advisor if you need more information. Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact the College of Business This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 