  cob   students study abroad Study Abroad College of Business   cob   students study abroad Study Abroad College of Business   cob   students study abroad Study Abroad College of Business   cob   students study abroad Study Abroad College of Business   cob   students study abroad Study Abroad College of Business   cob   students study abroad Study Abroad College of Business   cob   students study abroad Study Abroad College of Business   cob   students study abroad Study Abroad College of Business   cob   students study abroad Study Abroad College of Business   cob   students study abroad Study Abroad College of Business   Study Abroad « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard UNT College of Business Departments Home College About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics Future Students Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Current Students Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast CoB People CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login INVEST How to Invest Give a Gift In This Section Study Abroad Home Faculty-Led Study Abroad Opportunities and Scholarships Semester Abroad Opportunities and Scholarships UNT Study Abroad Programs Study Abroad The College of Business is committed to preparing students to work and compete in an international business environment. The experience of studying abroad may be a defining moment of your UNT education. By participating in a study abroad program, your resume will stand out. Employers now seek out individuals who have had international experience. You will develop cross-cultural communication skills, expand your employment opportunities and, consequently, your income potential. You will also expand your network with fellow students, teachers, host families, and professionals. You may believe you cannot afford to study abroad, but that is a misconception. You can spend a semester abroad or travel with other UNT students on a faculty-led program while paying just a bit more than UNT tuition and fees. And in most cases, meals and cultural excursions are included in the cost of the program. Scholarships are available and your financial aid may apply.   There are many opportunities for College of Business students to study abroad. Students have the option of studying abroad for a few weeks, a summer, a semester, or the entire academic year.  In addition to programs sponsored by the College of Business, UNT has many study abroad options to choose from. Make an appointment with a study abroad advisor in BLB 110 to learn what study abroad option would be best for you. Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact the College of Business This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 