  cob   dls Distinguished Speaker Series College of Business   cob   dls Distinguished Speaker Series College of Business   cob   dls Distinguished Speaker Series College of Business   cob   dls Distinguished Speaker Series College of Business   cob   dls Distinguished Speaker Series College of Business   cob   dls Distinguished Speaker Series College of Business   cob   dls Distinguished Speaker Series College of Business   cob   dls Distinguished Speaker Series College of Business   cob   dls Distinguished Speaker Series College of Business   cob   dls Distinguished Speaker Series College of Business   Distinguished Speaker Series « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard UNT College of Business Departments Home College About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics Future Students Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Current Students Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast CoB People CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login INVEST How to Invest Give a Gift In This Site Distinguished Speaker Series Previous Speakers Distinguished Speaker Series The College of Business Distinguished Speaker Series provides students and faculty with an opportunity to learn from prominent executives and leaders in the business community. Each month during the semester, a different speaker is brought to campus to offer new perspectives and first-hand information about the complexities of the business world. Past topics have included successful management styles, possible career paths, critical industry-related issues, and qualities conducive to successful business leadership. These lectures enhance the educational experience of students in the College of Business, while inspiring them to seek new ways to meet the challenges of tomorrow. Check with your professor to see if the Distinguished Speaker Series can help you earn extra credit or meet your College of Business major declaration requirements. Distinguished Speaker Series Featuring: Ben Nitsch Friday, April 21 1:30 – 3:00 pm Location: BLB 070 Born in Wichita Falls, Texas, Benjamin E. Nitsch received a Bachelor of Business Administration in Insurance from the University of North Texas in 1999. Upon graduation, he received an opportunity with The Brants Company and moved to Fort Worth to practice as a licensed commercial property and casualty insurance agent. In 2000, The Brants Company joined the Wortham Group and in January 2005, Ben was invited to become one of the partners of the firm and now leads the Construction Practice group for Wortham's Fort Worth office. His areas of expertise also include hospitality, environmental, life sciences and non-profits. Founded in 1915, Wortham ranks as one of the largest independent insurance brokers in Texas by placing over $1 billion in premiums annually with offices in Houston (headquarters), Austin, Dallas, Fort Worth and San Antonio. Wortham provides property & casualty insurance, employee benefit programs, professional indemnity, personal lines, life insurance placements and surety bonds. He has attained the Certified Insurance Counselor (CIC), Certified Risk Manager (CRM) and Construction Risk Insurance Specialist (CRIS) designations. Ben continues to support the insurance industry and has served as the Young Agents Chairman, Secretary / Treasurer, Vice President of Programs and President for the Independent Insurance Agents of Tarrant County. He is an active member of UNT's Professional Leadership Program and has served Leadership Fort Worth, Leader Kids, Team Fort Worth's Mentoring Initiative and Texas Health Resources Health Exchange (Harris Methodist) as past Chairman. As a father, Ben enjoys spending his free time fly or bass fishing with his two sons, Cole and Carson. Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact the College of Business This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 