    parents family Parents and Family     parents family Parents and Family     parents family Parents and Family     parents family Parents and Family     parents family Parents and Family     parents family Parents and Family     parents family Parents and Family     parents family Parents and Family     parents family Parents and Family     parents family Parents and Family   Parents and Family | University of North Texas Skip to main content Call us Contact Us UNT Map HomeAdmissionsAcademicsStudent LifeAbout UNTResearchAthleticsGivingCurrent StudentsFaculty & StaffAlumni & FriendsParents & FamilyCommunity & VisitorsMyUNTBlackboardEagleConnectUNT Directory Quicklinks MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory Home Admissions Academics Student Life About UNT Research Athletics Giving MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory HomeAdmissionsAcademicsStudent LifeAbout UNTResearchAthleticsGiving Welcome to the Mean Green family Great things happen when your family joins ours. Sign up for Parent and Family Orientation to learn how we can work together to support your student. Sign up now Parents and Family English En Español Guide for parents This guide is a great source of information about UNT, where you can learn more about everything from academics and support services to scholarships and security. Cost Academics Support services Parent resources Admissions information Just getting started with your college search? Help your student learn how to choose the right college. Degrees and Majors UNT is the choice of nearly 38,000 students and is a student-centered public research university. As one of Texas' largest universities, UNT offers 101 bachelor's, 82 master's and 38 doctoral degree programs, many nationally and internationally recognized. Undergraduate majors Graduate degrees Undergraduate catalog Graduate catalog Student success programs Many students are challenged by college classes or need to learn how to manage their time for the independent learning required. UNT offers many resources to help students succeed in their college classes. For help outside of the classroom, each residence hall has student RAs (resident assistants) who can help ease the transition from home and guide freshmen. Your student can also seek help from the residence hall director, the dean of students or the First Year Experience program. The key is asking for help. Succeed at UNT The Learning Center New Student Orientation and Transition Programs Dean of Students Student Legal Services Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Office of Spiritual Life Paying for college Tuition costs are a big part of planning for college – and a big concern. UNT offers families an innovative solution to rising college costs with the Eagle Express Tuition Plan. Eagle Express is more than a tuition plan, it's a plan for success. Eagle Express Tuition PlanUNT's program that let's you lock in academic costs for four years. Tuition and fees Online tuition payment and financial aid services Financial aid at UNT Learn about financial aid, grants, loans and work-study programs. Scholarships at UNT Student Accounting and Cashiering Services Learn about tuition and fees, payment options, refunds and short-term loans Student jobs at the Career Center Career advising and employment resources Emerald Eagle Scholars ProgramScholarship and academic success program for high achieving, high financial-need students. Short-term and emergency loans from the UNT Student Money Management Center Health and safety We work hard to create a safe environment at UNT. Our Eagle Alert System sends voice and text information about campus closings and emergency situations affecting the safety and well being of people on and around our campus. UNT police patrol the campus 24 hours a day. At night, the campus is well lighted, and students may ride the night shuttle, request pick up from e-ride or call the UNT police for an escort, if needed. UNT offers a full-service primary care clinic, with full-time physicians, nurse practitioners and nurses to manage your child's care and treatment. Eagle Alert UNT Police Department Campus safety, severe weather info and emergency preparedness Winter weather procedures and policies Security and Fire Safety ReportJeanne Clery Report Office of Emergency Management E-ride late night transportation service Student Health and Wellness Center Student Recreation Center Counseling and Testing Substance Abuse Resource Center Denton Police Department Denton Regional Medical Center Presbyterian Hospital of Denton Visit us We encourage you to visit the campus and take a guided tour. You'll find out what UNT offers, become familiar with the campus and have a chance to ask our student tour guides questions. Schedule a campus tour Campus map and directions UNT Parking maps Local area restaurants Local area hotels Discover Denton Things to do in the D/FW area Events for parents and family To help ensure that your child makes a successful transition to college, attend parent orientation, which is held concurrently with each freshman orientation session and transfer orientation session. We also encourage parents, grandparents, siblings and friends to join us for Family Weekend, which is held each fall. Events include a football game, chili cook-off and activities for siblings. Parent Orientation Attend orientation sessions specifically for parents. Family Weekend UNT events and academic calendar Mean Green Move-In Participate in residence hall move-in day. Summer send-off parties Meet new UNT students and families from your area. UNT Preview Get a sneak peek at campus life and your future at UNT. UNT Premiere A chance for admitted students to get an insider's view of college life on campus and in Denton. Commencement Parent programs and the Parent Association UNT has an office solely devoted to parent programs, offering many ways for parents to get involved in their student's experience. The UNT Parent Association allows you to play an active role in your student's accomplishments while building friendships with other parents. Office of Parent Programs at UNT Parent Association Parent Association scholarship information UNT Mean Green Family Facebook group Spirit and Traditions UNT Bookstore spirit gear UNT traditions Talons Housing Students who live on campus find it easier to get more involved in campus activities than students who live off campus. They have access to nutritious meals and don't have to worry about grocery shopping, cooking or kitchen cleanup. Each of UNT's residence halls has its own personality, and many residents make lifelong friendships. Housing and Residence Life home See Housing policies, residence hall descriptions and housing applications and payments. Approved appliances Mail service & package delivery Campus dining Students can eat balanced meals at any of UNT's six residence hall cafeterias. They provide many nutritious selections in an all-you-can-eat format. Students with a meal plan can eat in any of the cafeterias. Meal plans are available to students living on and off campus. Dining Services website Dining Halls Daily menus Meal plan information More food and dining options at UNT Student leadership activities At UNT, students can get involved in any of the more than 400 student organizations and step into a leadership role. In addition, many community service opportunities and leadership programs are available through the Office of New Student Programs. Student Activities Center Student Organizations Orientation and Transition Programs Multicultural opportunities on campus UNT, one of the nation's top 50 colleges graduating the most African American and Hispanic students, works hard to create a welcoming environment and secure a reputation as a diverse institution. Fostering global understanding and promoting cultural appreciation are central to preparing tomorrow's successful global leaders. Our strategic international partnerships seek to improve quality of life, facilitate the exchange of ideas and culture, and allow for important research addressing global issues. Study abroad opportunities for students International-cultural student orgs UNT International Studies and Programs web site Division of Institutional Equity and Diversity Office of Equal Opportunity Multicultural Center Pride Alliance Campus resource on gender and sexuality topics and a safe, welcoming space for all. Student rights and responsibilities Code of Student Conduct, Rights of Students and Student Academic Rights Information about Parental Access to Student Records grades, tuition bills, academic standing and financials Top Required Links Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Main Menu Home Admissions Academics Student Life About UNT Research Athletics Giving University Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Calendar UNT Map Jobs at UNT Colleges & Schools Specifically for Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni & Friends Parents & Family Community Emails Graduate Admissions Freshman Admissions Transfer Admissions International Admissions     Find UNT on Google Maps 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information   940-565-2000   800-RELAY TX   Technical Issues Call us Email Us UNT Map Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links ©2017 University of North Texas 