  cob   invest Invest College of Business   cob   invest Invest College of Business   cob   invest Invest College of Business   cob   invest Invest College of Business   cob   invest Invest College of Business   cob   invest Invest College of Business   cob   invest Invest College of Business   cob   invest Invest College of Business   cob   invest Invest College of Business   cob   invest Invest College of Business   Invest « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard UNT College of Business Departments Home College About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics Future Students Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Current Students Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast CoB People CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login INVEST How to Invest Give a Gift In This Site Invest in the CoB Endowed Fund for Excellence Scholarship Faculty Support Annual Giving Volunteer Capital Campaign Initiatives Professional Leadership Program Center for the Study of Financial Markets International Exposure and Study Abroad Center for Logistics Education and Research Center for Entrepreneurship Endowment for Graduate Studies in Executive Leadership Professional Progam in Accountancy Center for Business Communication Invest Now Update Your Contact Info Invest in the College of Business Your gift counts. Every gift made to the College of Business helps us advance toward new standards of excellence in teaching and research. Due to the significant gap between state funding and the cost of providing a top-100 business education, your investment in the College of Business is critical. Whether you give annually, establish an endowment, or make a planned gift, your support will make a difference in our students’ lives. Greatest Needs in the College of Business Dean’s Excellence Fund The College of Business Dean’s excellence fund is a critical, unrestricted fund that enables the College of Business to respond to opportunities and challenges as they occur. When you support the Dean’s Excellence Fund, you support the strategic vision of the College by allowing for the Dean to have flexibility in directing the use of resources to the priorities of the college. GIVE TO THE DEAN’S EXCELLENCE FUND. Professional Leadership Program The Professional Leadership Program (P.L.P.) is a mentoring and leadership development program for students at UNT. It serves to develop our top students with the professional soft skills needed to have a leadership edge in any industry or position they seek after college. The program is currently funded in two ways: State funding, which covers staff salaries and expenses Donations, which help offset costs related to program activities Your donations enhance the program activities offered, and our students’ experiences, by providing additional networking and leadership-enhancing opportunities. GIVE TO THE PROFESSIONAL LEADERSHIP PROGRAM. Study Abroad Providing students with the opportunity to study abroad can be life changing. By participating in a study abroad program, students are able to develop cross-cultural communication skills and expand employment and networking opportunities. All students deserve the opportunity to have their resume stand out, but not all students can afford to study abroad. Help to make that difference by giving a gift to the College of Business study abroad program today. GIVE TO THE COLLEGE OF BUSINESS STUDY ABROAD PROGRAM. Glen Taylor Insurance Chair Dr. Glen L. Taylor has played an integral role in the success of the UNT Insurance program. Through his lifelong involvement, the program has produced hundreds of qualified graduates who now enjoy successful careers as professionals in insurance, financial services, risk management, employee benefits and related fields. To be named an endowed chair is one of the highest honors to be bestowed upon a faculty member. Your support of the Glen Taylor Insurance Chair therefore ensures the continued success of the program by attracting an outstanding scholar to its faculty for a continued quality insurance education in the College of Business. GIVE TO THE GLEN TAYLOR INSURANCE CHAIR. Other Ways to Give Annual Giving When you give to the College of Business annually, you make a difference in the lives of students, faculty, and staff who study, teach, and work to strengthen the college. These collective acts of generosity help ensure that a UNT education remains affordable and within reach for our deserving students. GIVE AN ANNUAL RECURRING GIFT TO THE COLLEGE OF BUSINESS. Matching Gifts Many employers sponsor matching gift programs and will match any charitable contribution made by their employees. To make your gift go even further, find out if your company has a matching gift policy by searchign for your employer's name at the following webpage: http://giving.unt.edu/ways-to-give/matching-gifts If your company is eligible, request a matching gift form from your employer and send it completed and signed with your gift. We will take care of the rest. Estate/Planned Gifts Donors who choose to establish planned gifts to benefit the College of Business help secure the future of UNT. Working with our planned-giving experts, you can choose to give an outright gift or defer your giving through a bequest. You can even take advantage of a charitable gift annuity or other life-income gift that enables you to establish a legacy now and still provides you with an income during your lifetime. LEARN MORE ABOUT PLANNED GIVING AND SECURING THE FUTURE OF UNT. We highly value your insight and business acumen in teaching our students how to become the leaders of tomorrow through hands-on experiences. By offering students different experiences, industry insights, networking receptions, and real-world opportunities to promote business leadership, you can make a tangible difference. LEARN HOW YOU CAN VOLUNTEER. Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact the College of Business This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 