  cob   students ambassadors studentambassadorsbio  Ambassadors College of Business   cob   students ambassadors studentambassadorsbio  Ambassadors College of Business   cob   students ambassadors studentambassadorsbio  Ambassadors College of Business   cob   students ambassadors studentambassadorsbio  Ambassadors College of Business   cob   students ambassadors studentambassadorsbio  Ambassadors College of Business   cob   students ambassadors studentambassadorsbio  Ambassadors College of Business   cob   students ambassadors studentambassadorsbio  Ambassadors College of Business   cob   students ambassadors studentambassadorsbio  Ambassadors College of Business   cob   students ambassadors studentambassadorsbio  Ambassadors College of Business   cob   students ambassadors studentambassadorsbio  Ambassadors College of Business   Ambassadors « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard UNT College of Business Departments Home College About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics Future Students Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Current Students Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast CoB People CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login INVEST How to Invest Give a Gift In This Section Computer Labs Advising Student Ambassadors Organizations Study Abroad Scholarships Employment Information Sessions Professional Leadership Program College of Business Ambassadors Spring 2017 College of Business Ambassador Bios Name: Tyler Anderson Hometown: Holmen, WI Major: Risk, Insurance & Financial Services- Financial Planning Track Expected Graduation Date: May 2018 Why did you choose to study at UNT?I grew up on a farm in Western Wisconsin and attended the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse my freshmen year. I had been looking at different schools across the country to transfer to after my freshmen year. The Dallas/Fort Worth area provided a lot of opportunities I was seeking. I visited UNT and just remember thinking that the campus was beautiful and that the Business Leadership Building was incredibly modern. I like the “battling” attitude that UNT has right now with President Smatresk. He is trying to make UNT a nationally prominent University through academics and athletics, and that stood out to me. I want to be part of that turn around and I believe that the College of Business can play a crucial part in this uphill climb. On a personal and less serious level: In life I want to leave no stone unturned and I felt that a move across the country would be a great life experience. I have access to the DFW metroplex, professional sports teams, great food and much better weather compared to Wisconsin! Why did you choose your major? What are your career goals?I decided to study business for a two reasons: self and service. I like business because of what I can do in business for myself. I like the idea of controlling my future and being able to do what I want. My first day at Mutual of Omaha the Division Manager said “It’s okay to get into the industry because you want to drive the nice car and have the nice house.” It’s your life, if you aren’t going to live it and make the most out of it, then who will? That is something that I have carried with me and remember when I am working hard, staying up late to read, or waking up before everyone else to get a head start. Whether it is financial planning, where I have begun my professional business journey, or real estate, entrepreneurship and politics where I plan on being involved in the future. I like the flexibility and network of the business world. The second reason I got into business is: service. In life I also want to serve others and make a difference. One of the best radio voices in history, Colin Cowherd, said, “I owe you, my listener’s, two things: the truth and a hard day’s work because you work hard.” I love that mentality and I think it relates well to business and especially financial planning. As for my career goals, my plan is to go into entrepreneurship as a Financial Advisor. I don’t want to do the same thing for my whole life, just like I don’t want to live in the same place for my entire life. So down the road we’ll see, but one thing is for sure: we only get one shot at this life and I am going to work hard to accomplish all of my goals and to make my life as great as it can be. What advice would you give to a student interested in the College of Business?There are a lot of options out there for business schools. Some are ranked higher than UNT and some are more notable. But, at UNT you have the ability to build an identity that goes far beyond the classroom. The UNT College of Business provides an abundance of useful resources to its students: clubs such as FMA, a tremendous staff, and an incredible alumni network in the DFW area. How has the College of Business impacted your success as a student?Since arriving in Denton, I have tried to take advantage of every opportunity that I can to network. The biggest impact on my success so far is the FMA program. I have met so many business professionals through the FMA events and have learned real life business lessons that can’t be taught in a textbook. I also took advantage of the access that students have with the Business professors and changed my major from regular finance to the Risk, Insurance and Financial Services-Financial Planning Track that the UNT COB offers. After a meeting with Professor Poe, I learned that this major allows students to sit immediately upon graduation for their CFP license, which is crucial in the industry going forward. Name: Sara Aranda Hometown: Dallas Major: Accounting Expected Graduation Date: May 2018 Why did you choose to study at UNT?I decided to study at the University of North Texas because is diverse and is filled with opportunities and resources for students of all backgrounds. It was close to Dallas, my hometown, but not too close. When researching the college of business I saw that it had an amazing BS/MS five year program in Accounting that I wanted to join. Why did you choose your major? What are your career goals?I choose to major in accounting after I was exposed to it during a secretarial job that I worked in before going to college. I was exposed to bookkeeping and got to look at many different accounting reports and learned a lot about small businesses. With my accounting degree I hope to go into public accounting for a few years and then continue into industry. I would like to focus on helping the business of latinos in the DFW area. What advice would you give to a student interested in the College of Business?I would tell a college of business student to take advantage of all the opportunities offered by the College of Business. The College of Business offers a great variety of student led organizations pertaining to almost every major in the College of Business. The career center offers many workshops, networking events, and opportunities for students to grow professionally, academically, and to build their networks. How has the College of Business impacted your success as a student?The college of business has impacted my success through many of the programs that it offers such as the Professional Leadership Program (PLP), Beta Alpha Psi, and events held by the career center such as the etiquette dinner. I have received opportunity to network with with different companies and firms, other students, and a great variety of speakers. Through their programs I have also received leadership opportunities along with professional development. Name: Nan Chen Hometown: Fuzhou, Fujian, China Major: Finance Expected Graduation Date: May 2017 Why did you choose to study at UNT?I chose to study at UNT because I can receive two degrees, one from UNT and another one from my home university back in China. I was also convinced by the diversity of campus and high quality programs UNT offered. You can meet students from all over the world at UNT. When I toured UNT, I felt the respect and understanding from the UNT community, and instantly I felt I was part of it. In addition, the College of Business at UNT has received the AACSB accreditations since 1961, which assures the quality of the programs. Why did you choose your major? What are your career goals?Business is a universal language. Different countries may have very opposite cultures, but the underlying principle of business is similar. Studying finance, I want to grasp a better understanding of business, and it also give me the potential to work in an international environment. After my graduation, I want to pursue my graduate degree first, and then I hope to work for an international consulting company. What advice would you give to a student interested in the College of Business?I would advise prospective students to gain as many different experiences as possible and keep trying things you have never tried. Getting out of your comfort zone will enable you to gain a different perspective and make you stronger than ever. I encourage you to stay alert and pay attention to surroundings because there are endless opportunities waiting for you just within the College of Business. Studying is very important since that is the reason we come to college. Take advantage of all the resources in the College of Business and never stop seeking new knowledge. How has the College of Business impacted your success as a student?The College of Business has impacted me in many different aspects. I received tremendous help from faculty and staff from the College of Business. They help me not only with my studies but also with my life decisions. As an international student, the College of Business provides countless opportunities such as student organizations, job fairs, distinguished speakers events, etc. Participating in these activities makes me more confident and helps me understand a different culture. I also gain professional knowledge, expand my network, and have a solid understanding about my future job. Name: Bailey Garcia Hometown: Houston Major: Entrepreneurship; Minor: Theatre Expected Graduation Date: May 2017 Why did you choose to study at UNT?I chose to study at UNT for two reasons. One, because it offered great programs for the major and minor that I wanted. Two, because of the Emerald Eagles program. Being an Emerald Eagle meant that I would have all four years of tuition paid for and I couldn’t pass that up. Why did you choose your major? What are your career goals?I chose my major because I always knew that I would eventually want to be my own boss. I wanted to learn the ins and outs of business while making good connections and learning from my peers. I hope to go into marketing for Electronic Dance Music festivals and then eventually open up my own bakery! What advice would you give to a student interested in the College of Business?Just take advantage of all of the resources offered to you. There are so many people here to help you succeed and you should let them. Also, join an organization dedicated to something you like. How has the College of Business impacted your success as a student?The College of Business has impacted my success by providing me with the resources I need to succeed. I’ve been able to be a part of different organizations that are helping me become a better business leader. Thanks to the College of Business I was also able to study abroad. Name: Nicholas Hernandez Hometown: Fort Worth, Texas Major: Finance Expected Graduation Date: Spring 2017 Why did you choose to study at UNT?I chose UNT because I felt comfortable when I toured the campus. I had a great experience on my campus tour and it allowed me to picture myself here. Why did you choose your major? What are your career goals?I chose to study finance because I have always found business topics intriguing. I have enjoyed the business classes that I have taken here and have made me comfortable in my decision. What advice would you give to a student interested in the College of Business?I would encourage students to get involved in organizations and events that are offered so that they can meet and learn from new people. I think getting involved is one of the best ways for someone to take advantage of all that the College of Business has to offer. How has the College of Business impacted your success as a student?I have been impacted by the College of Business in many ways, by the helpful and engaging teachers, that have helped me be successful. I have learned a lot from the classes I have taken here and think it will help me be successful in my future career. Name: Aurora Lopez Hometown: Dallas, Texas Major: BS/MS Accounting; Minor: Spanish Expected Graduation Date: Fall 2018 Why did you choose to study at UNT?I chose to study at UNT because I really liked that it is very diverse, offers a variety of majors and many opportunities to get involved in. UNT seemed like the right fit for me because it offers many resources for students’ personal and professional growth and development, it’s affordable, and it is the perfect distance from home. Why did you choose your major? What are your career goals?I decided to pursue a degree in accounting because I like working with numbers, analyzing data and figuring out solutions to problems. What I value most about accounting is that it offers a very challenging curriculum that allows students to acquire valuable transferable skills. My ultimate goal is to finish my Masters and obtain my CPA upon graduating. I want to start my career in public accounting to get the experience, skills, and the chance to network with professionals so that I can transfer into industry later on. What advice would you give to a student interested in the College of Business?I would encourage students interested in the College of Business to take advantage of the all the resources the college offers such as meeting with advisors, attending workshops & speaker series, joining student organizations early on in their studies and networking. How has the College of Business impacted your success as a student?The College of Business has greatly impacted my success by offering a strong support system of advisors, staff, and professors who care about students and want to see them excel. Name: Stephen Menchaca Hometown: Portland, Texas Major: Marketing Expected Graduation Date: May 2017 Why did you choose to study at UNT?I chose to study at UNT because it was far away from home, but still in Texas, and I felt reassured that I would find a job in the metroplex after graduation. Why did you choose your major? What are your career goals?I looked into several different majors within the College of Business and I realized that marketing was the most interesting major and best fit for me. What advice would you give to a student interested in the College of Business?I would tell a prospective student to get involved on campus! Joining organizations and networking is essential to become successful. How has the College of Business impacted your success as a student?The College of Business has impacted my success by offering many different resources to guide me toward graduation. The faculty, advisors, career fairs, computer labs, and organizations are all at the tip of my fingers anytime I need help. Name: Ayman Mufleh Hometown: Keller Major: Accounting Expected Graduation Date: Summer 2018 Why did you choose to study at UNT?UNT caught my attention for many different reasons, first being the message in which we offer. The environment before all else; not only does that keep the streets clean, it teaches you how to be organized and appreciate everything around you. I wanted to live at home when first starting out my higher education due to financial restrictions, UNT offers education at the highest level for a fraction of the other major institutions. Why did you choose your major? What are your career goals?I chose Accounting because it offers a wide variety of options, from Tax and Audit to Consulting and Advisory; all of which are very lucrative areas that allow you to succeed financially and develop lifelong relationships with your coworkers and clients. My career goal is to join BDO International and start my journey in the restaurant line of service, add value to the market and help BDO prosper as a whole. What advice would you give to a student interested in the College of Business?I would advise incoming Students that are interested in the College of Business to really make use of all the networking opportunities available to them through this great institution. I would also mention how important maintaining the balance between a competitive GPA and building worthy relationships is important if starting their career in the right direction is important to them. How has the College of Business impacted your success as a student?The College of Business has impacted me as a student by challenging my intellectual and social abilities through mediums that are interactive such as the rigorous courses, workshops, and groups. There are many tools available to you if you want to learn and improve your professional foundation each and every day. Name: Christina Pham Hometown: Mansfield, Texas Major: Finance and Mktg w a concentration Expected Graduation Date: May 2018 Why did you choose to study at UNT?I knew I wanted to study at UNT for a couple of reasons. My sister was a student here and she was loving her experience. I was sold on the quality of education that I knew I’d get from this university and I was looking forward to the diversity that I knew UNT stood for. I came to this university with high expectations and I am very satisfied with my experience thus far. Why did you choose your major? What are your career goals?I was originally a general marketing major but after hearing about the professional selling program, I was eager to get involved because of the hands-on experience I knew I’d be getting. The program, being so new, has already been such a huge success and is only offered in a handful of universities. The program will help prepare me with all of the necessary skills to succeed in business-to-business sales. I chose to double major in Finance after I took a challenging course that really interested me in the field of finance therefore resulting in my membership in the Student Investment Group (SIG). I hope to go into sales selling business to business and I am certain that my finance background will give me more opportunities in the future. What advice would you give to a student interested in the College of Business?There are so many resources and opportunities that the College of Business has to offer. Come to the free tutoring labs, utilize the career center, get a mentor, and get advised. There are so many student organizations that can help you network with like-minded people so get involved! Business organizations such as Delta Sigma Pi, Student Investment Group, and the Professional Leadership Program have given me so many opportunities to make friends, meet professionals, and develop myself. How has the College of Business impacted your success as a student?The College of Business has helped me find my passion for my studies. The Business Leadership Building is filled with state of the art technology and tons of resources to succeed. The faculty and staff care about their students and want you to succeed. I feel reassured as a student that my education will serve me well and prepare me for my future. Name: Lindsay Reese Hometown: Arlington, Texas Major: Accounting Expected Graduation Date: December 2017 Why did you choose to study at UNT?I originally wanted to be a graphic designer when I started looking into colleges and I wanted to stay in Texas, so I looked at colleges and universities around the DFW area. I found that UNT has a great communication design program and they were close enough to my parents, so I was able to go home when I needed to. Why did you choose your major? What are your career goals?I found out early on that I didn’t enjoy being an art major as much as I though I would. I started looking around at other majors, hoping to find something I would enjoy doing. My father wanted me to take at least one accounting class so I would be able to take care of my own finances. I found that I enjoyed accounting a lot more than I originally thought. Careerwise, I’m hoping to find an accounting firm that I will enjoy working for and move up the chain of command within the firm. What advice would you give to a student interested in the College of Business?I would tell them to make sure that they are involved in the programs that the College of Business provides and the student organizations that are around campus. Being successful in college isn’t all about getting good grades, but creating connections with the faculty and other students that could benefit you in the future. How has the College of Business impacted your success as a student?The College of Business has many great resources that are available for the students to use, like the advisors and computer labs. These resources have made it easier for me to excel in the classes I’ve taken and to help plan the rest of my college career. Name: Caroline Roberson Hometown: Coppell, Texas Major: Accounting Expected Graduation Date: December 2017 Why did you choose to study at UNT?In the summer of 2014, I transferred to UNT from Texas Tech. I made this decision because UNT is closer to home and the Masters program for accounting was very appealing to me. Why did you choose your major? What are your career goals?Growing up in a home with two accountants, I decided accounting was best suited for me. I love numbers and organization. My strengths, weaknesses, and personality seem very fitting for being an accountant. After graduation, I want a career in a top national public accounting firm. My goal is to become partner in the firm I start my career in. What advice would you give to a student interested in the College of Business?The advice I would give a student interested in the College of Business is to definitely pursue a business major. UNT has a credible business school among employers. More advice would be to work hard, develop relationships with faculty, and utilize the opportunities and resources provided in the College of Business. How has the College of Business impacted your success as a student?The endless opportunities in the College of Business have impacted my success as a student. Form the wide range of organizations, honors, career fairs, and faculty, I have become more connected with the CoB and accounting firms. For myself, I thrive in a place where I feel connected... and I strongly feel that way here in the College of Business. Name: Kasey Robey Hometown: Bellingham, Washington Major: BS/MS Accounting Expected Graduation Date: May 2018 Why did you choose to study at UNT?I chose to study at UNT because it has one of the top accounting programs in Texas and the job market in the metroplex offers me a wide variety of opportunities as I begin my career search. Also UNT is one of the most affordable universities in Texas. Why did you choose your major? What are your career goals?I chose to go in to accounting because I was very interested in business and math has always been my strongest subject. I will be starting my career in audit and risk advisory to learn more about the career field, but eventually I would like to become a forensic accountant. What advice would you give to a student interested in the College of Business?The College of Business at UNT is one of the best and is home to many talented students and can be very competitive. I would encourage prospective students to get involved in organizations and networking as much as possible in order to fully benefit from what the school has to offer. This helps a student stand out when applying for internships and full time positions. How has the College of Business impacted your success as a student?The College of Business has impacted me in many ways from the staff who go above and beyond to help students in any way they can to the resources it offers such as career fairs and networking dinners. The CoB has helped me obtain my first of hopefully two internships with a wonderful company in DFW. The CoB has also helped me network with many prominent members of the business community in the area which will be vital to my future success. Name: Julia Smith Hometown: San Antonio, Texas Major: Business Integrated Studies (Marketing & Economics) Expected Graduation Date: Spring 2017 Why did you choose to study at UNT?I chose UNT because of the wide variety of options it provides me when it comes majors and ways to get involved on campus. Anyone can find their niche at UNT with a little effort. I feel that I have definitely found mine with a major that has been tailored to my interests and the various student organizations I am involved in. Also, the proximity to the DFW area is a plus because of the internship and job opportunities that come along with living near a large metroplex. Why did you choose your major? What are your career goals?I am a Business Integrated Studies major because I like that I am able to create a degree that combines my interests and works best for my career goals. I combined Marketing and Economics into one major so I can be better prepared to enter a career in market research. Knowledge in market research would also help me pursue another dream of mine, which is to someday open my own business. What advice would you give to a student interested in the College of Business?Being a business student at UNT is definitely a challenge, but if you stay informed on the requirements and utilize the various resources the college offers, you can succeed. The Tiered Progression Program helps you understand where you are in your program and the academic advisors are incredibly helpful so that you understand what your next step should be. There are also tutoring labs for nearly every subject. So don’t let certain class requirements scare you away from becoming a business major. How has the College of Business impacted your success as a student?The College of Business has allowed me to grow to my full potential and beyond. I have been provided opportunities to expand my knowledge, professional skills, and leadership abilities. The high expectations placed on me by my professors and the college has pushed me to do the best I can as a student. The great faculty, staff, and the resources that the College of Business provides not only set me up to be a successful student, but also someone who is more prepared to enter the real world after graduation. Name: Lauren Vereen Hometown: Houston, TX Major: Marketing; Minor: Economics Expected Graduation Date: May 2018 Why did you choose to study at UNT?The University of North Texas possess a diverse population, vast involvement of student produced events, and student activities. Aside from the affordable tuition prices, high acceptance rate, UNT offers different pathways under the business major, and full-time, part-time and online MBA degrees. The profoundly new Business Leadership building includes numerous resources and amenities within the BLB, including but not limited to private study spaces, an outdoor terrace view, indoor study rooms, specialized group meeting areas, café, computer labs, and luxury style class rooms where all individuals can network under one roof. The location of Denton, Texas is a suitable distance from my hometown Houston, Texas and still is accommodating all my needs for an education and success. I knew I belonged here and the possibilities offered to succeed are endless with an array of opportunities in the surrounding areas. Furthermore, UNT has been featured as the top tier of business schools and I’m honored to attend this university. Why did you choose your major? What are your career goals?Business is more than a profession, major, or occupation for me, it’s a passion. I decided to study business because of the vast career options along with following in the career path of my parents’ in a dual aspect. The specialize category of marketing interested me as I wanted to be a part of a business without owning my own business and marketing was a perfect combination of a creative outlet while still maintaining a business mindset. Career wise, I plan to start my career at an entry level position in advertising or product branding and move up within the chain of command in a Fortune 500 company or greater. What advice would you give to a student interested in the College of Business?You don’t have to search high and low or spend outside time trying to go the extra mile to set up your future for success. The resources are presented and available for your use and all one has to do is go the extra step and seek the opportunity. Always carry yourself as a professional and be prepared to present your resume to anyone. Get involved in student organizations based on what you enjoy, your interest, and your profession. Take advantage of the career center to keep your focus on where you want to be post-graduation, the CoB career fair, the various resume building workshops, and internship events. Additionally always be ready to network as business connections will benefit your future in the competitive job market. How has the College of Business impacted your success as a student?So far I have had a wonderful experience and interacted with numerous faculty members that have proved they are here to cater to my time and needs. I have learned more about my field of study and how various elements of business make up my major. The Alumni is so giving to the UNT community by looking directly into classes for potential employees, as well as teachers sending off resume’s to employers where you seek interest. Aside from content on my major, guest speakers and Alumni have gone the extra mile to present life lessons on the reality of any career pursued, that failing and mistakes are necessary to success. The College of Business has better prepared me for my industry of purist along with my future endeavors. Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact the College of Business This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 