  cob   departments Departments College of Business   cob   departments Departments College of Business   cob   departments Departments College of Business   cob   departments Departments College of Business   cob   departments Departments College of Business   cob   departments Departments College of Business   cob   departments Departments College of Business   cob   departments Departments College of Business   cob   departments Departments College of Business   cob   departments Departments College of Business   Departments « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard UNT College of Business Departments Home College About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics Future Students Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Current Students Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast CoB People CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login INVEST How to Invest Give a Gift In This Section Non-academic Departments Office of the Dean CILTC Centers Academic Departments Accounting FIREL ITDS Management Marketing & Logistics CoB Departments Office of the Dean The Academic Dean's Office of the College of Business handles academic counseling, degree plans, graduation evaluation, and adds/drops, concurrent enrollment, incompletes and overloads. CILTC The CoB Computing Center supports over 70 Novell, NT, and Windows 2000 applications works with the University Computing Center to support a wide range of applications running on the IBM mainframe and a Unix system. Centers The College of Business is home to a number of centers, institutes, and programs, which transcend the traditional boundaries between disciplines and create a synergy between scholarship, research, and teaching. Accounting The Department of Accounting provides students with the knowledge and skills needed for successful accounting careers. UNT's accounting program has been ranked one of the top 20 accounting programs in the nation by the Public Accounting Report, a national newsletter for accountants. Finance, Insurance, Real Estate and Law (FIREL) The Department of Finance, Insurance Real Estate and Law trains professionals to successfully manage all financial aspects of a firm and to manage and work within financial institutions. The department offers professional concentrations in finance, financial services, insurance, real estate and economics. Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) The Department of Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) prepares students for careers in information technologies. Companies in the D/FW Metroplex that regularly hire ITDS graduates include Frito Lay, Pepsico, J.C. Penney and Sabre Technologies. Management The Department of Management guides tomorrow's leaders by offering professional concentrations in entrepreneurship, operations management science and organizational behavior and human resource management. Marketing & Logistics The Department of Marketing and Logistics prepares its students for rewarding careers in marketing and logistics, as practitioners and academics, with the help of an innovative curriculum and dynamic programs. Students learn about market positioning, current trends, integrated communication, value selling and product delivery. Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact the College of Business This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 