  coe   about college cation five year strategic plan College of Education Strategic Plan 2014 2017  College of Education  coe   about college cation five year strategic plan College of Education Strategic Plan 2014 2017  College of Education  coe   about college cation five year strategic plan College of Education Strategic Plan 2014 2017  College of Education  coe   about college cation five year strategic plan College of Education Strategic Plan 2014 2017  College of Education  coe   about college cation five year strategic plan College of Education Strategic Plan 2014 2017  College of Education  coe   about college cation five year strategic plan College of Education Strategic Plan 2014 2017  College of Education  coe   about college cation five year strategic plan College of Education Strategic Plan 2014 2017  College of Education  coe   about college cation five year strategic plan College of Education Strategic Plan 2014 2017  College of Education  coe   about college cation five year strategic plan College of Education Strategic Plan 2014 2017  College of Education  coe   about college cation five year strategic plan College of Education Strategic Plan 2014 2017  College of Education  College of Education Strategic Plan 2014-2017 | UNT College of Education Skip to Main Content Area MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE Search this site: AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE About Welcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and Advising Future Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher Certification How do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office Departments Counseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center People Faculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and Friends Newsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE About the COE About the COE Dean's Welcome Conferences Administration Endowed Chairs Mission, Vision, and Function Strategic Plan History of the COE About the COE About the COE Dean's Welcome Conferences Administration Endowed Chairs Mission, Vision, and Function Strategic Plan History of the COE College of Education › About the College of Education › College of Education Strategic Plan 2014-2017 College of Education Strategic Plan 2014-2017 Mission The College of Education prepares professionals and scholars who contribute to the advancement of education, health, and human development. Vision We aspire to be leaders known regionally, nationally, and internationally for our expertise and excellence in research, teaching, outreach, and solutions for education and human well-being. Through our efforts, we improve the lives of the citizens of Texas, the nation, and the world. Functions We generate research, disseminate knowledge, and prepare a diverse body of scholars and practitioners. Our graduates become leaders in their fields while enhancing the development and effective functioning of individuals, schools, and families. We provide quality instruction in our undergraduate and graduate courses. We are good financial stewards who care about, reflect on our students, and are creative in addressing their needs. We hold ourselves accountable for continually assessing and making improvement in our courses and in preparing professionals who know how to gather, analyze, and use data to make decisions. We improve professional teaching and learning for K-12 schools. Helping teachers teach and students learn is central to our mission. We work with schools and school systems to prepare effective teachers and additional professional service providers who help all students learn; and prepare principals, superintendents, and other school leaders to help in achieving this goal. We develop leaders for community colleges and universities. We provide education and professional development for individuals who serve or will serve as administrators, faculty, and scholars in higher education institutions, governmental agencies, policy or research centers, and professional associations that conduct postsecondary education in the United States and globally. We improve the functioning of individuals in their physical, health, and leisure behaviors. We accomplish this through the academic preparation of professionals, contributions to the professional body of knowledge, and provision of service to the university and community at large and through programs that facilitate an enhanced quality of life. We prepare counselors who serve the public and humanity at large. We prepare highly competent counseling professionals for work in schools, communities, colleges, business, and industry. Our research seeks to use counseling for developing holistic wellness with at-risk and diverse populations. We provide humanitarian assistance to academic, professional, and public communities. We prepare family and child development experts who serve the community and society. We help families interact effectively with schools and other community agencies to improve life and promote well-being. Goal 1. Provide high-quality undergraduate education that produces exemplary practitioners and emerging scholars. 1.1 Sustain and enhance excellence in academic programs, the quality of teaching, and enhance their visibility. 1.1 Performance Measures 1. Continually improve the ratio of "adjuncts-to-full-time faculty" to increase the numbers and proportions of full-time faculty. 1.1 Performance Measures 2. Continually monitor and improve the design, rigor and relevance of courses, programs, and services leading to continuous improvement based on learning outcomes. 1.1 Performance Measures 3. Actively seek to provide excellent service and support to our students. 1.1 Performance Measures 4. Provide classroom experiences that teach our students to understand and apply evidence-based decision processes and approaches in their professional fields. 1.1 Performance Measures 5. Provide classroom experiences that teach our students to apply appropriate technology in their professional fields. 1.2 Actively recruit, admit, and matriculate in a timely manner first-time from high-school and transfer students. 1.2 Performance Measures 1. Refine current community college program alignments to provide a simple path to a 4-year baccalaureate degree for each degree-granting program. 1.2 Performance Measures 2. Increase scores on predictor data (SAT, ACT, high-school GPA, GPA from previous college experiences) for average FTIC and transfer students by 2017. 1.2 Performance Measures 3. Increase the number of undergraduate majors completing their degree in five years or less. 1.2 Performance Measures 4. Increase retention and success of undergraduates in our programs to be at or above 80% by 2017. 1.2 Performance Measures 5. Exceed 30% 4-year graduation rate by 2017. 1.2 Performance Measures 6. Exceed 60% 6-year graduation rate by 2017. 1.2 Performance Measures 7. Continually improve gainful employment placement rates of students with baccalaureate degrees toward UNT's goal of achieving rates greater than or equal to 70% by 2017. 1.2 Performance Measures 8. Increase the numbers of students earning a bachelor's degree or a minor in our College who within one year of graduation enroll in a masters or doctoral program in the College. 1.2 Performance Measures 9. Increase COE undergraduate student enrollment by 5% by 2017. 1.2 Performance Measures 10. Increase COE undergraduate Semester Credit Hour generation by 7.5% by 2017. 1.2 Performance Measures 11. Act upon the course/instructor-specific DFWI data to improve student success and learning outcomes. 1.2 Performance Measures 12. Offer sufficient courses and sections each semester (fall, spring, and summer) and in schedules that allow COE undergraduate majors to achieve a 4-year baccalaureate degree. 1.2 Performance Measures 13. Increase research opportunities for undergraduates. 1.2 Performance Measures 14. Facilitate increasing the quality and quantity of faculty-led study abroad opportunities for students. 1.2 Performance Measures 15. Offer courses at times and in formats that increase the number of students enrolling in the COE's summer school opportunities. 1.3 Develop and engage in international partnerships such as study abroad courses or courses that include a study abroad component. 1.3 Performance Measures 1. Increase the numbers of foreign undergraduate students studying in the COE. Goal 2. Provide high-quality graduate education which produce scholars and exemplary practitioners. 2.1 Systematically plan and evaluate the recruitment, selection, teaching, mentoring, and timely graduation of highly qualified and diverse graduate students. 2.1 Performance Measures 1. Increase the quality, number, and ethnic diversity of matriculated graduate students. 2.1 Performance Measures 2. Increase the numbers of graduate students in COE program by 5%. 2.2 Increase the number of graduate students working with the faculty on research projects and producing joint publications and presentations. 2.2 Performance Measures 1. Measurably increase faculty-graduate student scholarly collaboration and joint scholarly dissemination at the masters and doctoral levels and linked to faculty merit and promotion considerations. 2.3 Increase the financial support for graduate students 2.3 Performance Measures 1. Increase the number and amount of graduate students funding (grants, UNT GA lines, GS scholarships, COE scholarships, and sponsored employment). 2.4 Actively recruit international graduate students and engage in collaborative educational training opportunities with international universities. 2.4 Performance Measures 1. In collaboration with UNT-I and the Office of the Provost, increase number of faculty and students engaged in international research. 2.4 Performance Measures 2. In collaboration with UNT-International (UNT-I), recruit, support, and retain excellent students from across the globe. 2.5 Implement regular communications to graduate students regarding expectations for progress in their degrees and for scholarly productivity. 2.5 Performance Measures 1. Increase the percentage of full-time doctoral students who graduate within four years and part-time doctoral students who graduate in six years by 5% by 2017. 2.5 Performance Measures 2. Increase the percentage of full-time master's students who graduate within three years and part-time master's students within four years by 5% by 2017. 2.5 Performance Measures 3. Increase the number of master's degrees awarded annually by 5% by 2017. 2.5 Performance Measures 4. Increase the number of doctoral degrees awarded annually by 5% by 2017. 2.5 Performance Measures 5. Increase the percentage of PhDs produced annually by 5% by 2017. 2.6 Increase quality of dissertations and theses. 2.6 Performance Measures 1. Increase the publications, presentations, and grant productivity as well as markers of external recognition of graduate students. 2.6 Performance Measures 2. Increase the number of dissertations and thesis written in journal format. 2.6 Performance Measures 3. Increase the number of dissertations and thesis published with increased numbers appearing in quality national/international peer reviewed research journals. 2.6 Performance Measures 4. Actively engage in ongoing professional development and mentoring of graduate students for successful and timely completion of their degree and for post graduate success. Goal 3. Increase External Funding for the College 3.1 Recruit, select, develop, reward, and retain an increasingly productive and diverse faculty with expertise appropriate for strong research, grant, and contract productivity. 3.1 Performance Measures 1. Increase the categorical percentages of tenure-line faculty (Assistant, Associate, and Full) submitting grants, receiving grants, and publishing. 3.2 Increase the annual number of grant submissions, grant awards, and grant expenditures. 3.2 Performance Measures 1. Increase the number and size of external awards by 10% by 2017. 3.2 Performance Measures 2. Strategically partner with Advancement to cultivate the resources necessary to increase gifts to achieve UNT annual gift revenue and endowment goals. Goal 4. Strengthen the Scholarly Productivity of the COE Faculty 4.1 Recruit, select, develop, reward, and retain an increasingly productive and diverse faculty with strong scholarly output. 4.1 Performance Measures 1. Increase the departmental average annual number per faculty member of citations (using the h-index from Google Scholar profiles) with the goal of reaching an average of at least 20 per graduate full-time faculty member by 2017. 4.1 Performance Measures 2. Utilize data to analyze faculty contributions to their department and the COE with respect to research and adjust workloads appropriately. 4.2 Recruit, select, develop, reward, and retain an increasingly productive and diverse faculty with strong teaching performance. 4.2 Performance Measures 1. Utilize data to analyze faculty contributions to their department and the COE with respect to teaching. 4.3 Recruit, select, develop, reward, and retain an increasingly productive and diverse faculty with strong leadership service. 4.3 Performance Measures 1. Utilize data to analyze faculty contributions to their department and the COE with respect to leadership/service. Goal 5. Enhance our COE and departmental employee relations. 5.1 Improve employee relations and operational effectiveness 5.1 Performance Measures 1. Refine our processes for equitable and transparent faculty and staff evaluation and promotion. 5.1 Performance Measures 2. Refine our College's culture so that it better supports holistic quality of life for faculty and staff, including sensitivity to family responsibilities and concerns. 5.1 Performance Measures 3. Actively engage in the recruitment of high quality personnel who can contribute to unit goals and university values. 5.2 Improve operational effectiveness 5.2 Performance Measures 1. Develop college and departmental budgets with available resources and maintain operations within budgetary boundaries. 5.2 Performance Measures 2. Contribute to the development of clear, mission-driven strategic plans within the unit. 5.2 Performance Measures 3. Contribute to successful accreditation review processes for the university, college, and various accredited programs. 5.2 Performance Measures 4. Build opportunities to share scholarly and research activities with internal and external colleagues, students, and other groups. 5.2 Performance Measures 5. Actively engage in the development, implementation, assessment, and achievement of college, departmental, and program area plans and activities toward these goals. Goal 6. Establish the College, department, and program areas as national/international scholarly leaders and expand our regional partnerships and outreach. 6.1 Develop strong relationships with external communities. 6.1 Performance Measures 1. Increase the number of local and international partnerships with K-12 schools, higher education institutions, communities, business, and foundations to work collaboratively to improve the quality of education and life. 6.1 Performance Measures 2. Increase the number of international sites for placement of student teachers and students doing internships or practicums. 6.1 Performance Measures 3. Identify and implement strategies for engaging students and faculty with state, national, and global discipline-specific organizations and activities. 6.1 Performance Measures 4. Foster academic community outreach by developing significant partnerships with local, national and international institutions and communities, as appropriate to disciplinary area, talents, interests, and needs of the unit. * Note: When the COE plan includes percentage or number growth the base year from which the comparison is made is AY 2012-2013   Back to About the College of Education About the College of Education Contact Information College of Education Matthews Hall, Room 214 1300 West Highland Street Denton, TX 76203 Contact the College of Education Email Us For technical problems with this web site, contact COEWeb@unt.edu.     UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Universities Center at Dallas Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online Go to Secure Login Page 