  coe   student advising office undergraduate advising prospective student advising session Prospective Student Advising Sessions  College of Education  coe   student advising office undergraduate advising prospective student advising session Prospective Student Advising Sessions  College of Education  coe   student advising office undergraduate advising prospective student advising session Prospective Student Advising Sessions  College of Education  coe   student advising office undergraduate advising prospective student advising session Prospective Student Advising Sessions  College of Education  coe   student advising office undergraduate advising prospective student advising session Prospective Student Advising Sessions  College of Education  coe   student advising office undergraduate advising prospective student advising session Prospective Student Advising Sessions  College of Education  coe   student advising office undergraduate advising prospective student advising session Prospective Student Advising Sessions  College of Education  coe   student advising office undergraduate advising prospective student advising session Prospective Student Advising Sessions  College of Education  coe   student advising office undergraduate advising prospective student advising session Prospective Student Advising Sessions  College of Education  coe   student advising office undergraduate advising prospective student advising session Prospective Student Advising Sessions  College of Education  Prospective Student Advising Sessions | UNT College of Education Skip to Main Content Area MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE Search this site: AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE About Welcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and Advising Future Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher Certification How do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office Departments Counseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center People Faculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and Friends Newsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE Student Advising Office Home Contact Us Undergraduate Advising Prospective Student Advising Secondary/All-Level Certification Advising Resources Teacher Certification TExES Advising Office Graduate Advising Meet Our Staff Student Advising Office Home Contact Us Undergraduate Advising Prospective Student Advising Secondary/All-Level Certification Advising Resources Teacher Certification TExES Advising Office Graduate Advising Meet Our Staff College of Education › Student Advising Office › Undergraduate Advising › Prospective Student Advising Sessions Prospective Student Advising Sessions Interested in joining the UNT  College of Education? Join us for a Prospective Student Advising Session May 19, 2017  June 9, 2017  July 14, 2017                 The session starts promptly at 1:00 pm. Please check-in at Matthews Hall, Room 105. Ready to register? Click here. To apply for admission to UNT, start here. Who is this for? The Prospective Student Advising Session is for any prospective freshman or transfer student who is interested in attending, or already has applied to University of North Texas with an interest in the College of Education. What is it? This advising session has been created to provide prospective students with general information. It is the Student Advising Office’s goal to help students make informed decisions about whether they want to attend UNT. We believe that by sharing information about our College of Education, students will make informed and productive decisions to help them reach their academic goals. We will begin the session with a short, informative presentation about UNT’s College of Education. Following this presentation, prospective transfer students who bring their unofficial transcripts will meet individually with an advisor to review how their classes might be applied at UNT.  We also will share Transfer Guides with students who want to complete courses at a community college prior to attending UNT. What should I bring? Copies of all transcripts, college and/or high school Test Scores: SAT, ACT, or Praxis Core  Note taking materials: notepad or notebook, pen, pencils, etc. Where do I park? It is advised that you arrive early to campus to allow time for parking to ensure you arrive on time for the Prospective Student Advising Session. If you would like to get a visitor’s parking pass, please stop by the Parking and Transportation office located on the first floor Highland Street Parking Garage.  Matthews Hall MapVisitor Parking Information May I take a campus tour? Campus tours are given by Eagle Ambassadors.  Please visit their website at http://tours.unt.edu/.   UNT's Inclement Weather Procedures When university officials think weather conditions pose a significant threat to the safety of students, faculty and staff who drive to campus, UNT will delay its opening time, close early or close for the day. Please check www.unt.edu if the weather poses hazardous driving conditions. Back to Undergraduate Advising Student Advising Office Contact Information College of Education Matthews Hall, Room 214 1300 West Highland Street Denton, TX 76203 Contact the College of Education Email Us For technical problems with this web site, contact COEWeb@unt.edu.     UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Universities Center at Dallas Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online Go to Secure Login Page 