  coe   student advising office steps teacher certification Steps to Educator Certification Classroom Teacher Student Services and Administrator Certificates  College of Education  coe   student advising office steps teacher certification Steps to Educator Certification Classroom Teacher Student Services and Administrator Certificates  College of Education  coe   student advising office steps teacher certification Steps to Educator Certification Classroom Teacher Student Services and Administrator Certificates  College of Education  coe   student advising office steps teacher certification Steps to Educator Certification Classroom Teacher Student Services and Administrator Certificates  College of Education  coe   student advising office steps teacher certification Steps to Educator Certification Classroom Teacher Student Services and Administrator Certificates  College of Education  coe   student advising office steps teacher certification Steps to Educator Certification Classroom Teacher Student Services and Administrator Certificates  College of Education  coe   student advising office steps teacher certification Steps to Educator Certification Classroom Teacher Student Services and Administrator Certificates  College of Education  coe   student advising office steps teacher certification Steps to Educator Certification Classroom Teacher Student Services and Administrator Certificates  College of Education  coe   student advising office steps teacher certification Steps to Educator Certification Classroom Teacher Student Services and Administrator Certificates  College of Education  coe   student advising office steps teacher certification Steps to Educator Certification Classroom Teacher Student Services and Administrator Certificates  College of Education  Steps to Educator Certification - Classroom Teacher, Student Services, and Administrator Certificates | UNT College of Education Skip to Main Content Area MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE Search this site: AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE About Welcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and Advising Future Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher Certification How do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office Departments Counseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center People Faculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and Friends Newsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE Student Advising Office Home Contact Us Undergraduate Advising Prospective Student Advising Secondary/All-Level Certification Advising Resources Teacher Certification TExES Advising Office Graduate Advising Meet Our Staff Student Advising Office Home Contact Us Undergraduate Advising Prospective Student Advising Secondary/All-Level Certification Advising Resources Teacher Certification TExES Advising Office Graduate Advising Meet Our Staff College of Education › Student Advising Office › Steps to Educator Certification - Classroom Teacher, Student Services, and Administrator Certificates Steps to Educator Certification - Classroom Teacher, Student Services, and Administrator Certificates In order to obtain an Initial Standard Classroom Certificate in Texas, one must go through an approved educator preparation program. Individuals seeking a Student Services Certificate (Educational Diagnostician, School Counselor, or School Librarian) or Administrator Certificate (Principal or Superintendent) cannot obtain these certificates through the Certification-by-Examination route offered by the state of Texas; therefore, must also complete an approved educator preparation program leading to the desired certificate. State requirements can and do change. It is the student's responsibility to check with their program advisor for any changes in program and state certification requirements. All individuals seeking educator certification must submit an online application directly to the Texas Education Agency (TEA). See the How to Apply section below for step-by-step instructions. The general steps to becoming certified in any area are: 1) Apply and be admitted to a UNT Educator Preparation Program2) Complete all certification program requirements, including clinical practice (Student Teaching/Internship/Practicum)3) Pass all required state certification exams (coming soon - exam sequences for each certification area).4) Appropriate grades and degree posted to official UNT transcripts 5) Apply for a Standard Certificate through the Texas Education Agency website   a. Pay all applicable fees   b. Complete fingerprinting6) Recommended to the state by UNT   Frequently Asked Questions about Educator Certification Requirements for Educator Certification (Classroom Teacher, Student Services, and Administrator Certificates) Based on UNT program    When to Apply for Your Standard Certificate(s) Students should apply for their Standard Certificate at the end of their last semester after they have completed Student Teaching/Practicum/Internship and passed all state certification exams. Students should not apply if they have not completed all program requirements or have not passed all required certification exams. If you have not taken your TExES exams, please visit the UNT TExES Advising Office website for more information. How to Apply for Your Standard Certificate(s) Do not apply early - your application will be removed. (i.e. If you are finishing your certification program in May 2017, do not apply before Friday, May 5th.) 1. Review the Applying for Certification and Fingerprinting guide. This guide will walk you through the application process step-by-step. 2. Go to www.tea.texas.gov 3. Log into your educator (TEAL) account. If you have not set up your account, the system will prompt you to create one. For more information, please review the TEAL/ETS Registration Guide. This guide will help you set up your TEAL account, obtain your TEA ID#, create your ETS account, and register for your certification exams. 4. You will be asked to select your recommending entity from a drop-down menu when completing the application on the TEA website. You will find your appropriate recommending entity on page 6 of the Applying for Certification and Fingerprinting guide provided above. 5. Pay all applicable fees and complete the fingerprinting process. The Typical Process for Certification is as Follows: Student applies to the Texas Education Agency (TEA), pays online, and completes fingerprinting process. Student receives TEA system-generated email acknowledging submitted application. Entity reviews application and submits recommendation for student after verifying all program and state certification requirements have been met. Student receives TEA system-generated email stating they have been recommended by entity. TEA runs criminal background check on applicant. Applicant is certified if background check is clear. Contact Information College of Education Student Advising OfficeMatthews Hall Room 105 www.coe.unt.edu/saoPhone: (940) 565-2736Fax: (940) 565-2728Email: coe-sao@unt.edu TExES Advising OfficeMatthews Hall Room 103 www.coe.unt.edu/texesPhone: (940) 369-8601Fax: (940) 565-2728Email: coe-tao@unt.edu Back to Student Advising Office Student Advising Office Contact Information College of Education Matthews Hall, Room 214 1300 West Highland Street Denton, TX 76203 Contact the College of Education Email Us For technical problems with this web site, contact COEWeb@unt.edu.     UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Universities Center at Dallas Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online Go to Secure Login Page 