  coe   clinical practice office Clinical Practice Office  College of Education  coe   clinical practice office Clinical Practice Office  College of Education  coe   clinical practice office Clinical Practice Office  College of Education  coe   clinical practice office Clinical Practice Office  College of Education  coe   clinical practice office Clinical Practice Office  College of Education  coe   clinical practice office Clinical Practice Office  College of Education  coe   clinical practice office Clinical Practice Office  College of Education  coe   clinical practice office Clinical Practice Office  College of Education  coe   clinical practice office Clinical Practice Office  College of Education  coe   clinical practice office Clinical Practice Office  College of Education  Clinical Practice Office | UNT College of Education Skip to Main Content Area MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE Search this site: AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE About Welcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and Advising Future Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher Certification How do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office Departments Counseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center People Faculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and Friends Newsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE Clinical Practice Office Home Application Forms Calendar Eligibility Requirements FAQ Programs Student Teaching Abroad Resources Mentoring Clinical Practice Office Home Application Forms Calendar Eligibility Requirements FAQ Programs Student Teaching Abroad Resources Mentoring College of Education › Clinical Practice Office Clinical Practice Office   Director of Clinical PracticeMr. Tim Sutton940-565-4226 Administrative SpecialistMs. Destinie Noles940-369-8411 COE-ClinicalPractice@unt.edu Calendar 2016-2017 Timeline The Clinical Practice Program at the University of North Texas College of Education provides student teaching interns with extensive opportunities to move beyond being students of organized knowledge to become classroom teachers who put their acquired knowledge into practice in the classroom.   As a student at the UNT COE, I gained the knowledge and skills necessary to be an effective teacher... The UNT COE continues to invest in its in-service graduates long after graduation." Amy Anderson ('08), 8th grade Math teacherCrownover Middle School, Denton ISD Our partners in this process of providing guided and gradual induction into classroom teaching are the teachers and administrators in public school systems. The College of Education works collaboratively with our partner schools to provide field-based programs for both undergraduate and post-baccalaureate students seeking initial certification in elementary and secondary levels. This website provides general information about the Clinical Practice Program operation and application procedures for Teacher Education students seeking initial certification through the UNT College of Education. All current and intending students are requested to consult the website regularly as the information is updated as the need arises. Links to other websites are available that provide information for completing certification requirements.  EC-6 and 4-8 students should attend an information meeting, as noted on the calendar link, prior to doing their application for PDS 1. If you are in the Secondary program, there are new meetings scheduled in September. These dates have been listed on the Calendar link on this site.  If you have specific questions please contact the Clinical Practice Office.  Secondary undergraduate students must do an application for Early Field Experience with the EDSE 4840 class, and then they must do another application when they are ready for Student Teaching. These two semesters should be the last two semesters before graduation. Applications for all field experience are done during a specific window of time in the long semester prior to the semester that you will be out in the field.  All applications are completed in TK20. All deadlines are posted on the Calendar link on this site. Click an image to download Office Hours: 8:00 a.m - 5:00 p.m Monday-Friday 207 Matthews Hall Denton, TX 76203 Clinical Practice Office Contact Information College of Education Matthews Hall, Room 214 1300 West Highland Street Denton, TX 76203 Contact the College of Education Email Us For technical problems with this web site, contact COEWeb@unt.edu.     UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Universities Center at Dallas Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online Go to Secure Login Page 