  coe   about college cation awards promotions and tenure Awards Promotions and Tenure  College of Education  coe   about college cation awards promotions and tenure Awards Promotions and Tenure  College of Education  coe   about college cation awards promotions and tenure Awards Promotions and Tenure  College of Education  coe   about college cation awards promotions and tenure Awards Promotions and Tenure  College of Education  coe   about college cation awards promotions and tenure Awards Promotions and Tenure  College of Education  coe   about college cation awards promotions and tenure Awards Promotions and Tenure  College of Education  coe   about college cation awards promotions and tenure Awards Promotions and Tenure  College of Education  coe   about college cation awards promotions and tenure Awards Promotions and Tenure  College of Education  coe   about college cation awards promotions and tenure Awards Promotions and Tenure  College of Education  coe   about college cation awards promotions and tenure Awards Promotions and Tenure  College of Education  Awards, Promotions, and Tenure | UNT College of Education Skip to Main Content Area MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE Search this site: AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE About Welcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and Advising Future Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher Certification How do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office Departments Counseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center People Faculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and Friends Newsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE About the COE About the COE Dean's Welcome Conferences Administration Endowed Chairs Mission, Vision, and Function Strategic Plan History of the COE About the COE About the COE Dean's Welcome Conferences Administration Endowed Chairs Mission, Vision, and Function Strategic Plan History of the COE College of Education › About the College of Education › Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Awards Faculty Research Excellence Award 2016 - Dr. Brian McFarlin, Associate Professor, Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation 2015 - Dr. Lyndal Bullock, Regents Professor, Educational Psychology2014 - Dr. Pamela Harrell, Professor, Teacher Education and Administration Faculty Service Excellence Award 2016 - Dr. Jean Keller, Professor, Kinesiology, Health Promotion and Recreation2015 - Dr. Becky Glover, Professor, Educational Psychology2014 - Dr. Janelle Mathis, Associate Professor, Teacher Education and Administration Faculty Teaching Excellence Award 2016 - Dr. Carol Wickstrom, Professor, Teacher Education and Administration2015 - Dr. Jakob Vingren, Associate Professor, Kinesiology, Health Promotion and Recreation2014 - Dr. V. Barbara Bush, Associate Professor, Counseling and Higher Education Junior Faculty Research Excellence Award 2016 - Dr. Amanda Giordano, Assistant Professor, Counseling and Higher Education2015 - Dr. Xiangli Gu, Assistant Professor, Kinesiology, Health Promotion and Recreation2014 - Dr. Miriam Chacon Boesch, Assistant Professor, Educational Psychology Outstanding Lecturer Award 2016 - Dr. Linda Stromberg, Principal Lecturer, Teacher Education and Administration 2015 - Dr. Carol Revelle, Senior Lecturer, Teacher Education and Administration2014 - Dr. Joseph Walker, Principal Lecturer, Kinesiology, Health Promotion and Recreation Outstanding Staff Contribution 2016 - Marilyn Deuble, Student Services Coordinator II, Teacher Education and Administration 2015 - Lakshimi Arumagam, Faculty Support Assistant, Teacher Education and Administration2014 - Denise Stansel, Administrative Services Officer, Teacher Education and Administration Promotions and Tenure Judith Bradetich, Senior Lecturer, Department of Educational PsychologyPromotion Judi Bradetich earned her Master of Science in Development and Family Studies at UNT in 2007. She also earned a bachelor’s degree in piano performance from Lewis and Clark College and a Master of Music from the University of Southern California. Bradetich is a National Council on Family Relations Certified Family Life Educator. She earned the UNT College of Education’s Outstanding Lecturer Award in 2012. Her teaching interests include infant-toddler development, child and adolescent development, human lifespan development and team-based learning. Peggy Ceballos, Associate Professor, Department of Counseling and Higher EducationPromotion and Tenure Dr. Peggy Ceballos earned her Ph.D. in Counselor Education from UNT in 2008. She earned a bachelor’s degree in psychology from the University of New Orleans and a Master of Education in counseling from Southeastern Louisiana University. Her research interests include child-parent relationship therapy, play therapy, expressive arts, multicultural counseling, adolescent counseling and school counseling. She earned a 2016 Texas Counseling Association Outstanding Advocacy Award, a 2012 U.S. Office of Immigration Homeland Security Outstanding Researcher/Scholar Award, and a 2011 American Counseling Association Best Practice Award. She previously served as an assistant professor at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte. Julie Leventhal, Senior Lecturer, Department of Educational PsychologyPromotion Dr. Julie Leventhal earned bachelor’s and master’s degrees in Development and Family Studies from UNT. She earned her Ph.D. in Family Studies at Texas Woman’s University. Her teaching interests include marriage, relationships and family life education. For the past two summers, Dr. Leventhal has led a UNT study-abroad course in Romania focusing on the prevention of human trafficking. She is a member of the Society for Research in Child Development and the National Council on Family Relations. She previously served as an instructor at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University. Smita Mehta, Professor, Department of Educational PsychologyPromotion Dr. Smita Mehta earned her doctoral degree from the University of Oregon. She specializes in the areas of severe behavior problems, severe disabilities and inclusive education. Her research interests include functional behavioral assessment and positive behavior support for individuals with developmental disabilities, analyzing the effect of teacher behavior on student performance, classroom management and instructional strategies, and inclusive education and support. She earned the College of Education Faculty Teaching Excellence Award in 2013, and that same year was listed among the top 25 education professors in Texas. Prior to UNT, she held faculty positions at the University of Texas, Tyler; Florida International University; and the University of Hawaii at Manoa, among others. Back to About the College of Education About the College of Education Contact Information College of Education Matthews Hall, Room 214 1300 West Highland Street Denton, TX 76203 Contact the College of Education Email Us For technical problems with this web site, contact COEWeb@unt.edu.     UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Universities Center at Dallas Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online Go to Secure Login Page 