  coe   where are they now Where Are They Now  College of Education  coe   where are they now Where Are They Now  College of Education  coe   where are they now Where Are They Now  College of Education  coe   where are they now Where Are They Now  College of Education  coe   where are they now Where Are They Now  College of Education  coe   where are they now Where Are They Now  College of Education  coe   where are they now Where Are They Now  College of Education  coe   where are they now Where Are They Now  College of Education  coe   where are they now Where Are They Now  College of Education  coe   where are they now Where Are They Now  College of Education  Where Are They Now? | UNT College of Education Skip to Main Content Area MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE Search this site: AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE About Welcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and Advising Future Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher Certification How do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office Departments Counseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center People Faculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and Friends Newsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE College of Education › Alumni and Friends › Where Are They Now? Where Are They Now? We proudly recognize the achievements of our alumni as they accomplish wonderful things around the globe. Within each issue of Results!, you'll find a list of graduates who have made a difference in their communities and beyond. If you would like to be featured, please send us an e-mail. Click the following links to see past issues: Volume I Volume II Volume III Volume IV Volume V Volume VI Volume VII Volume VIII Volume IX Volume X Volume XI Volume XII Volume XIII Volume XIV Volume XV Volume XVI   Ella BurkhalterVan Alstyne, TX'15 M.Ed., Secondary Education Burkhalter was recently named Teacher of the Year for Van Alstyne ISD, where she teaches biology. She also implemented a new botany club, which included the construction of a modern greenhouse. She hopes to inspire a love of science and learning in all her students.   Peggy Brandt BrownArlington, TX'76 M.Ed., '05 Ph.D., Higher Education Brown won the 2015-16 North Lake College Excellence in Teaching (Adjunct) Award. She has been a faculty member at North Lake’s Irving campus since 2005. When she began work on her Ph.D. in 2000, she was a graduate fellow and teaching assistant, working for the College of Education, the psychology department and student affairs office.  Jon Jay LesterAbilene, TX'07 M.Ed., Educational Administration Lester was promoted to executive director of fine arts for Abilene ISD after serving as director of fine arts for the past four years. He previously held a similar position at Victoria ISD for four years. He also was elected secretary for the Texas Music Administrators Conference and passed a postgraduate course at VanderCook College of Music in Chicago. Janie M. GrimesDenton, TX'70 M.Ed., '93 M.Ed., Counseling Grimes retired from counseling at North Central Texas College last March. She is now sole proprietor of Janie Grimes, Counselor, in Denton. Her counseling experience includes serving as director of family violence services at Denton County Friends of the Family and as a counselor for TRIO, a program for first-generation college students. She is a licensed professional counselor and a national certified counselor.  Sheila BrownDallas, TX'82 Ed.D. Brown was named Dallas ISD Principal of the Year in the magnet/special programs category. She is principal of the Rosie M. Collins Sorrells School of Education and Social Services at Yvonne A. Ewell Townview Center.  Pat MattinglyDallas, TX'57, '61 M.Ed.,Elementary Education Mattingly received the Award for Excellence in the cateegory of education at the Dallas Historical Society’s 35th annual awards luncheon in fall 2016. She has been an elementary teacher, a college professor at several universities and headmistress of the Lamplighter School in Dallas. Back to Alumni and Friends DERO Contact Information College of Education Matthews Hall, Room 214 1300 West Highland Street Denton, TX 76203 Contact the College of Education Email Us For technical problems with this web site, contact COEWeb@unt.edu.     UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Universities Center at Dallas Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online Go to Secure Login Page 