  coe   alumni and friends campaign development board Campaign Development Board  College of Education  coe   alumni and friends campaign development board Campaign Development Board  College of Education  coe   alumni and friends campaign development board Campaign Development Board  College of Education  coe   alumni and friends campaign development board Campaign Development Board  College of Education  coe   alumni and friends campaign development board Campaign Development Board  College of Education  coe   alumni and friends campaign development board Campaign Development Board  College of Education  coe   alumni and friends campaign development board Campaign Development Board  College of Education  coe   alumni and friends campaign development board Campaign Development Board  College of Education  coe   alumni and friends campaign development board Campaign Development Board  College of Education  coe   alumni and friends campaign development board Campaign Development Board  College of Education  Campaign Development Board | UNT College of Education Skip to Main Content Area MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE Search this site: AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE About Welcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and Advising Future Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher Certification How do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office Departments Counseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center People Faculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and Friends Newsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE Alumni and Friends Home Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE Newsletter Update Your Information Where Are They Now? Alumni and Friends Home Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE Newsletter Update Your Information Where Are They Now? College of Education › Alumni and Friends › Campaign Development Board Campaign Development Board The campaign development board plays an essential role in supporting work done to maintain and further the College of Education's international reputation for innovation and excellence in teaching and research. Team members assist in fundraising efforts, external relations and advancement awareness. Dr. Cathy Bryce ('91 Ph.D.) Retired Superintendent, Highland Park ISD Mr. Byron Killen Owner, Killen Management Systems Mrs. Jeanette Krzewinski-Malone Lecturer, Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and RecreationUNT's College of Education Dr. George S. Morrison Professor, Teacher Education and AdministrationUNT's College of Education Dr. James R. Morrow, Jr. Regents Professor, Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and RecreationUNT's College of Education Dr. Rudy Rodriguez Former Professor, UNT's College of Education Back to Alumni and Friends DERO Contact Information College of Education Matthews Hall, Room 214 1300 West Highland Street Denton, TX 76203 Contact the College of Education Email Us For technical problems with this web site, contact COEWeb@unt.edu.     UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Universities Center at Dallas Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online Go to Secure Login Page 