 engineering   admissions how apply How to Apply College of Engineering engineering   admissions how apply How to Apply College of Engineering engineering   admissions how apply How to Apply College of Engineering engineering   admissions how apply How to Apply College of Engineering engineering   admissions how apply How to Apply College of Engineering engineering   admissions how apply How to Apply College of Engineering engineering   admissions how apply How to Apply College of Engineering engineering   admissions how apply How to Apply College of Engineering engineering   admissions how apply How to Apply College of Engineering engineering   admissions how apply How to Apply College of Engineering  How to Apply | College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving Home » How to Apply How to Apply Undergraduate and transfer admissions Graduate admissions International admissions Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science (TAMS) admissions Undergraduate and transfer admissions Ready to find out what's in your future? Admissions Requirements ADMISSION CRITERIA FOR THE COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING, EFFECTIVE FALL 2015 Admission to the College of Engineering is contingent on clear admission to the university. Freshman applicants will be admitted to the College of Engineering in an Engineering program based on meeting the Math and Total scores in the following criteria: Rank in Graduating Class SAT Taken Before March 2016 SAT Taken During or After March 2016 ACT Test Results Top 25 Percent Math score of 570 or higher Total score of 1070 or higher Math score of 590 or higher Total score of 1140 or higher Math score of 23 or higher Composite score of 23 or higher Top 50 Percent or No Rank Provided Math score of 600 or higher Total score of 1100 or higher Math score of 620 or higher Total score of 1170 or higher Math score of 24 or higher Composite score of 24 or higher Less than 50 Percent Math score of 630 or higher Total score of 1180 or higher Math score of 650 or higher Total score of 1250 or higher Math score of 26 or higher Composite score of 26 or higher Freshmen applicants to Engineering Technology programs must have a Math SAT of 570 or better; or a Math ACT of 22 or better. Transfer, international and post-baccalaureate (second bachelor's degree) applicants must be eligible to enroll in MATH 1710 (Calculus I) or in a higher-level math class. For applicants who do not meet the above requirements, here’s the pathway to become an Engineering student at UNT: 1) Please declare a major, other than any in the College of Engineering. 2) Attend new student orientation and register for the appropriate Math classes. Information on Orientation can be found at http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/orientation#freshmen or http://transition.unt.edu/orientation/transfer. 3) The applicant will be eligible to be admitted to the College of Engineering on completion of MATH 1650 (Pre-Calculus) with a grade of C or better and good academic standing with a cumulative UNT grade point average of 2.0 or higher. Learn about the full admissions process (includes admissions requirements, individual review, deadlines, fees, and ways to apply) Required tests (such as THEA) and exemptions Advanced Placement (AP) and Credit by Exam (CLEP) Detailed steps for transfer students Check which college courses will transfer to UNT Honors College eligibility requirements Military benefits Apply online now >> Still have questions? UNT Office of Admissions Call us at (800) UNT-8211 or (940) 565-2681 or e-mail admissions using Ask UNT Contact us using Ask UNT online Visit our undergraduate overview site Read the FAQ from our student ambassadors Request undergraduate information Take a campus tour Graduate admissions Fall applicants who are seeking funding from the College of Engineering should apply prior to January 15th. Steps to Apply: Review the admission criteria for Toulouse Graduate School and your department of interest. Fill out the online application at www.applytexas.org. Have official transcripts, GRE scores and any necessary supplemental materials sent to UNT. International applicants will need to supply proof of English proficiency as well as supply other additional documents. Read more about these requirements by visiting the UNT-International website. All applicants to UNT are evaluated holistically, based on specific departmental and program requirements. Successful applicants to the graduate programs in the College of Engineering will typically meet the following criteria: Master of Science Applicants in the Department of Biomedical Engineering Bachelor’s degree in related field. Minimum 3.0 GPA overall and in major undergraduate coursework. Minimum GRE scores of 145 Verbal, 155 Quantitative, and 3.5 Analytical Writing. GRE may be waived for UNT engineering alumni. Master of Science Applicants in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering Bachelor’s degree in related field. Minimum 3.0 GPA in undergraduate coursework. Minimum GRE scores of 148 Verbal, 155 Quantitative, and 3.5 Analytical Writing. GRE waived for UNT CSE alumni. Master of Science Applicants in Materials Science and Engineering, Electrical Engineering, and Mechanical and Energy Engineering Bachelor’s degree in related field. Minimum 3.0 GPA in undergraduate coursework. Acceptable general GRE scores. Successful applicants will typically present scores of 155 or higher on the Quantitative section and 146 or higher on the Verbal section. The GRE may be waived for UNT graduates; check with your department. Required supplemental documents (letters of recommendation, statements of purpose, etc.) vary by program. Please visit your department’s website to determine any additional documents they will require. Master of Science in the Department of Engineering Technology A bachelor’s degree in engineering or in engineering technology. Applicants holding a math, science, or architecture degree may also be admitted after completing a set of background courses from the relevant concentration area with an average of “B” or better. The set of courses required will be decided in consultation with an adviser and based on the individual applicant background. Bachelor's cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher. Acceptable general GRE scores. The GRE will be waived for graduates of ABET accredited degree programs. You can find the specific GRE requirements for the MSET program by visiting the Department of Engineering Technology website. Ph.D. Applicants Minimum 3.5 GPA in previous university coursework. Acceptable general GRE scores. Successful applicants applicants to Electrical Engineering, Materials Science and Engineering, and Mechanical and Energy Engineering typically present scores of 155 or higher on the Quantitative section and 150 or higher on the Verbal section. Successful Computer Science and Engineering applicants typically score 156 or higher on the Quantitative section and 151 or higher on the Verbal section. Three letters of recommendation. Statement of Purpose. Materials Science and Engineering Ph.D. applicants will also need to submit a resume. Below is a list of the academic departments in the College of Engineering along with links to important admissions information for each one: Department of Biomedical Engineering: the department offers master’s degrees with thesis or non-thesis options. A PhD degree with concentration in Biomedical Engineering is offered in collaboration with the Department of Materials Science and Engineering. Leveling courses may be required depending on the student's educational background. The department takes a holistic approach when evaluating applicants. View the department's admissions requirements. Department of Computer Science and Engineering: the department offers a master's degree in both Computer Science and Computer Engineering. A doctorate is also offered in Computer Science and Engineering. View the department's admissions requirements. Department of Electrical Engineering: the department offers a master’s degree and a doctorate in Electrical Engineering. Leveling courses may be required depending on the student's educational background. The department takes a holistic approach when evaluating applicants. View the department's admissions requirements. Department of Engineering Technology: the department offers a master’s degree in Engineering Technology with concentrations in Construction Management, Electrical Systems, Engineering Management and Mechanical Systems. View the department's admissions requirements. Department of Materials Science and Engineering: the department offers a master’s degree in Materials Science and Engineering and a doctorate in Materials Science and Engineering. View the department's admissions requirements. Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering: the department offers a master’s degree in Mechanical and Energy Engineering and a doctorate in Mechanical and Energy Engineering. View the department's admissions requirements.   Ready to reach for more? Apply online for grad school >> Still have questions? Call (888) UNT-GRAD (8 a.m.-5 p.m.) CST or e-mail graduateschool@unt.edu  Learn about the full graduate admissions process (includes admissions requirements, deadlines, fees, and ways to apply) The GRE and UNT testing services Graduate catalog Graduate majors Ways to pay for grad school includes information about TA positions and fellowships Graduate student scholarships Non-traditional student services includes health insurance and preschool options UNT Research magazine UNT Accreditations Visit the Toulouse School of Graduate Studies website Visit our graduate overview site Talk to a graduate advisor Request graduate information International admissions Apply for the international school online >> Applications and all supporting materials should be sent to International Admissions 4-6 MONTHS before the beginning of the intended term. Still have questions? UNT-International Call us at (940) 565-2197 - or e-mail international@unt.edu Visit our international Admissions for frequently asked questions Request additional materials Learn about the full international admissions process (includes admissions requirements, deadlines, fees, and ways to apply) Deadlines for Undergraduate students (scroll down the page for the information) and Graduate students The ELP, THEA, and GRE tests Academic requirements Finances Tuition and fees Immigration advising Health insurance Intensive English Language Institute Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science (TAMS) student admissions The Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science is a two-year program open only to high school students. Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science home TAMS application form TAMS eligibility requirements TAMS calendar and deadlines TAMS preview and interview days Funding Your Education Engineering Scholarships Talk to an Advisor Get More Info Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 