 engineering   prospective paying for college College of Engineering engineering   prospective paying for college College of Engineering engineering   prospective paying for college College of Engineering engineering   prospective paying for college College of Engineering engineering   prospective paying for college College of Engineering engineering   prospective paying for college College of Engineering engineering   prospective paying for college College of Engineering engineering   prospective paying for college College of Engineering engineering   prospective paying for college College of Engineering engineering   prospective paying for college College of Engineering  College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving Home » Prospective Students UNT offers the most affordable research university education in the state. Funding Your Education UNT provides a traditional college experience and the quality of a private university at an affordable cost. We’ve been named one of America’s 100 Best College Buys® for 21 consecutive years, a ranking based on having a high-achieving freshman class and affordable tuition. By the numbers About 75 percent of UNT students receive financial aid and scholarships totaling more than $350 million annually. This includes more than $45 million in scholarships. To receive first consideration, submit the FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid) before UNT’s Feb. 1 financial aid priority deadline. The application deadline for scholarships is March 1. Types of assistance: UNT General Scholarships – funds awarded based on merit and/or need; no repayment required Engineering Scholarships - funds awarded based on merit and/or need; no repayment required Grants– funds awarded based on need; no repayment required Loans – funds that must be repaid at some point Student employment – 3,500 jobs on campus and 8,500 off campus Making ends meet If you find that you need a little help handling your personal finances, UNT’s award-winning Student Money Management Center provides workshops and confidential counseling sessions. "Forbes has named UNT a best university every year since it started its Best Colleges list, and we've been named an environmentally responsible university by The Princeton Review." For Future Students Exceptional research facilities Committed, caring faculty Degrees Funding Your Education Finding success with your degree Come visit us Take a Tour Apply Now Talk to an Advisor Get More Info Questions regarding College of Engineering admissions? For undergraduate admissions, please contact Cassady Ogedegbe. For graduate admissions, please contact Kathryn Beasley. Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 