 engineering   prospective facilities College of Engineering engineering   prospective facilities College of Engineering engineering   prospective facilities College of Engineering engineering   prospective facilities College of Engineering engineering   prospective facilities College of Engineering engineering   prospective facilities College of Engineering engineering   prospective facilities College of Engineering engineering   prospective facilities College of Engineering engineering   prospective facilities College of Engineering engineering   prospective facilities College of Engineering  College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving Home » Prospective Students Students work with a LENS750 system, which uses a high-powered laser to rapidly manufacture metal components directly from powders. Exceptional research facilities UNT’s College of Engineering students are preparing to solve many of today’s problems through hands-on learning in cutting edge facilities and labs. Students work with some of the most modern equipment in the nation. Center for Advanced Research and Technology The CART facility is one of the most sophisticated of its kind for research involving materials synthesis and analysis, from atomic to macro scales. >> Learn more about CART Center for Network Neuroscience With the formation of the Department of Biomedical Engineering, the College of Engineering is now home to the Center for Network Neuroscience. The addition of CNNS brings more opportunities for undergraduate and graduate students to work on exciting design projects and research in the mechanisms and strategies underlying the phenomena of pattern generation, recognition and storage in neuronal ensembles.>> Learn more about CNNS Computational Epidemiology Research Laboratory CERL’s primary focus is the application of computational concepts to problems related to public health. Work at the laboratory will provide tools to epidemiologists and scientists that can be used in the prediction and analysis of how disease manifests and spreads. >> Learn more about CERL Laboratory for Recreational Computing For 20 years, LARC has been performing cutting-edge research in game programming and procedural content generation by students in the Game Development Group. >> Learn more about LARC Nanofabrication Cleanroom Facility The College of Engineering’s newly constructed cleanroom has 3,000 square feet of clean space for nano and micro device development and thin film techniques. >> Learn more about Nanofabrication Cleanroom Structural Testing Lab Construction Engineering Technology students working in this lab can perform both static and dynamic structural tests on beams, columns and shear walls in order to investigate the behavior and strength of those building components or systems.>> Learn more about the Structural Testing Lab Vision, Robotics and Control Systems Laboratory This lab in the Department of Electrical Engineering supports research in the areas of pattern recognition, image processing, computer vision, computational intelligence and robotics. The laboratory contains simulation tools for computer vision and pattern recognition applications and control systems design.>> Learn more about the VRCS Lab Zero Energy Laboratory The only one of its kind in Texas, the Zero Energy Laboratory is used to test various energy technologies that aim to achieve a net-zero consumption of energy. >> Learn more about Zero Energy Lab "What I love about UNT is that it feels like home. Engineering professors are easy to talk to and willing to help, and you can get involved in research projects. Also, the machinery and technology at Discovery Park is fascinating." Nonso ChetuyaMaterials Science and Engineering student Hands-on discovery Even as you pursue your bachelor’s degree you can participate in research. Some areas of recent UNT engineering student research include: Computational epidemiology Computational modeling of materials Computational science and engineering Computer gaming Cyber security Game programming and development Multi-scale surface engineering Nanotechnology and nanomechanics Natural language processing Renewable bioproducts Sustainable and renewable energy solutions Wireless sensor networks The latest Carnegie Classification Report has ranked UNT as one of nation’s 115 top-tier research universities. For Future Students Exceptional research facilities Committed, caring faculty Degrees Funding Your Education Finding success with your degree Come visit us Take a Tour Apply Now Talk to an Advisor Get More Info Undergraduate Research News UNT Student to Participate in Texas Undergraduate Research Day at the State Capitol UNT Student Receives Scholarship for Women Studying Information Security Computer Science and Engineering Faculty, Students Attend Women in Cybersecurity Conference Read more news > Questions regarding College of Engineering admissions? For undergraduate admissions, please contact Cassady Ogedegbe. For graduate admissions, please contact Kathryn Beasley. Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 