 engineering   prospective come visit us College of Engineering engineering   prospective come visit us College of Engineering engineering   prospective come visit us College of Engineering engineering   prospective come visit us College of Engineering engineering   prospective come visit us College of Engineering engineering   prospective come visit us College of Engineering engineering   prospective come visit us College of Engineering engineering   prospective come visit us College of Engineering engineering   prospective come visit us College of Engineering engineering   prospective come visit us College of Engineering  College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving Home » Prospective Students Take the next step toward your future success. See for yourself. Talk to our students. Come Visit Us Take a Tour The best way to experience UNT is to take a tour. Our tours for the main campus include a visit to a residence hall and the opportunity to ask questions of our admissions staff. For reservations, call 940-565-4104 or visit the UNT Tours website. The College of Engineering also offers year-round information sessions and student-led tours of the college and Discovery Park. For reservations to tour the College of Engineering after your UNT main campus tour, call 940-565-4300 or visit the UNT College of Engineering's tours site. About UNT A student-focused public research university, UNT has been named a best university by Forbes and is the largest, most comprehensive in the Dallas-Fort Worth area. With excellent academics and distinguished faculty, we are the green light to greatness for nearly 38,000 students. We offer 101 bachelor’s, 82 master’s and 38 doctoral degree programs. For More Information on the College of Engineering University of North Texas College of Engineering3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 940-565-4300 Or visit our contact page For Future Students Exceptional research facilities Committed, caring faculty Degrees Funding Your Education Finding success with your degree Come visit us Take a Tour Apply Now Talk to an Advisor Get More Info Questions regarding College of Engineering admissions? For undergraduate admissions, please contact Cassady Ogedegbe. For graduate admissions, please contact Kathryn Beasley. Meet the Ambassadors Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 