 engineering   College of Engineering engineering   College of Engineering engineering   College of Engineering engineering   College of Engineering engineering   College of Engineering engineering   College of Engineering engineering   College of Engineering engineering   College of Engineering engineering   College of Engineering engineering   College of Engineering  College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving UNT Engineer Part of Collaboration Receiving $10M for Nuclear Waste Disposal Research › View all news items › New Discovery Could Change How Some Materials Are Designed › View all news items › Internship at NASA Space Center Fullfills Student's Lifelong Dream › View all news items › < > Take a Tour Apply Now Talk to an Advisor Get more Info Student Featured in New York Times Daniel Merlino, a junior in UNT’s Department of Computer Science and Engineering, was featured in the New York Times today... Engineering Star Performers Star Performer is a staff award presented regularly at UNT. Congratulations to this year’s UNT College of Engineering Star... UNT Receives Funding for First-of-its-Kind Machine The University of North Texas will soon be home to a rare piece of equipment. The Army Research Office has agreed to fund $... Read all news > May 12 Undergraduate Spring Commencement 2017 3:00pm UNT Coliseum May 13 Doctoral and Master's Spring Commencement 2017 5:30pm UNT Coliseum Jul 15 Annual Energy Summit 2017 8:00am - 12:00pm Discovery Park View all events > BiomedicalEngineering UndergraduateGraduate Computer Science & Engineering UndergraduateGraduate ElectricalEngineering UndergraduateGraduate EngineeringTechnology UndergraduateGraduate Materials Science & Engineering UndergraduateGraduate Mechanical & Energy Engineering UndergraduateGraduate Fundamentals of Engineering Exam Open Faculty Positions ENGINEERING SEMINAR SERIES There is no upcoming seminar scheduled at this time. Please check back later. See all seminars > Watch more videos Senior Design Capstone Learn more about the program and how to sponsor a project. UNT's Entry in General Motors' 1990 Solar Car Race Read the whole story. Optimize your likelihood for success with a university that offers you a choice of programs ranging from the theoretical computer science, computer engineering to the more hands-on practical engineering technology. FIND OUT MORE ABOUT THE COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING > Viewbook Strategic Plan Accreditation Annual Reports Newsletters Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 