 engineering   studies faq FAQ College of Engineering engineering   studies faq FAQ College of Engineering engineering   studies faq FAQ College of Engineering engineering   studies faq FAQ College of Engineering engineering   studies faq FAQ College of Engineering engineering   studies faq FAQ College of Engineering engineering   studies faq FAQ College of Engineering engineering   studies faq FAQ College of Engineering engineering   studies faq FAQ College of Engineering engineering   studies faq FAQ College of Engineering  FAQ | College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving Home FAQ General: I can’t decide on an engineering major. Who can help me choose a major? We encourage you to schedule an appointment with Cassady Ogedegbe to discuss the different majors. It would also be beneficial to take a tour of the College of Engineering and view the labs in each of the different departments. If you have specific questions about different departments, Cassady can also assist you in scheduling appointments with the faculty advisors. What is the difference between engineering and engineering technology? Generally speaking, engineering is more focused on theory and design; engineering technology is more focused on using theories and designs. Engineering often involves more advanced science and math requirements than engineering technology. Engineers often spend most of their time planning and designing, while engineering technologists spend most of their time carrying out the plans of engineers. You can find more information by reading our degree program descriptions. What is the difference between computer science and computer engineering? Computer science deals with software and programming; computer engineering deals more with hardware and design. Information technology deals with designing and managing networks, databases, and other information technologies. You can find more information by reading our degree program descriptions. I do not see at UNT the engineering field that I am interested in studying (examples: Aerospace, Industrial, Petroleum, etc.). Can I still enter these fields if I earn a degree from UNT? The degrees offered by the UNT College of Engineering are designed to give flexibility in the Engineering Career Paths you choose. If you are interested in a specific Engineering field, it is recommended you contact Cassady Ogedegbe to begin the conversation of how you can get on the right career path. I’ve noticed that most engineering courses have prerequisites. When is the best time to start taking my engineering courses? We strongly recommend that students complete the College of Engineering core curriculum before enrolling in any major-related engineering courses. Registration: I’m getting a message that says “Requirement Not Met.” What does that mean? You are trying to register for a course for which you have not met a prerequisite. To find out the prerequisites for courses, you will need to consult the course descriptions section of the catalog. Please note that if you are a transfer student and have credit for the prerequisite from another institution, you may need to talk to the department that teaches the course to be added into the class. I’m having trouble registering for a lab and/or recitation for a class. What should I do? You need to contact the department that teaches the course for help registering for your lab and recitation. Example: If you are trying to register for CHEM 1410/30 recitations and are having difficulties, you need to contact the chemistry department. Academic Requirements: Does the College of Engineering require a minor? No, but students may choose to add a minor in a field of interest or to enhance their resumes. What College of Engineering core classes or major requirements can I take at a community college? Please refer to Transfer Guides How can I get an incomplete for a course? Talk to your instructor about getting an incomplete. Please be aware that if your instructor agrees to give you an incomplete and you do not complete the stipulated work within a year or earlier time specified by the instructor, the grade of “I” will default to the automatic grade designated by the instructor, or, if no automatic grade is designated, a grade of “F.” Please keep in touch with instructors who have given you an “I” to prevent this from happening to you! Financial Matters: What scholarships are available for engineering students? Please visit our scholarship information page for information. What math GPA is required to graduate in the College of Engineering? A 2.5 math GPA is required. If you think you are on the borderline, please contact an advisor to discuss your options. What science GPA is required to graduate in the College of Engineering? A 2.5 lab science GPA is required. If you think you are on the borderline, please contact an advisor to discuss your options. What communications GPA is required to graduate in the College of Engineering? A 2.5 communications GPA is required. If you think you are on the borderline, please contact an advisor to discuss your options. Additional Questions: If you have additional questions, please fill out the Request More Information form or contact Kathryn Beasley. Undergraduate Studies Why UNT? Request More Information Classes & Registration Research Centers Center for Advanced Research and Technology Center for Advanced Scientific Computing and Modeling Center for Computational Epidemiology and Response Analysis Center for Information and Cyber Security Net-Centric Software and Systems Center PACCAR Technology Institute Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 