 engineering   students classes and registration Classes and Registration College of Engineering engineering   students classes and registration Classes and Registration College of Engineering engineering   students classes and registration Classes and Registration College of Engineering engineering   students classes and registration Classes and Registration College of Engineering engineering   students classes and registration Classes and Registration College of Engineering engineering   students classes and registration Classes and Registration College of Engineering engineering   students classes and registration Classes and Registration College of Engineering engineering   students classes and registration Classes and Registration College of Engineering engineering   students classes and registration Classes and Registration College of Engineering engineering   students classes and registration Classes and Registration College of Engineering  Classes and Registration | College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving Home » Future Students » Current Students Classes and Registration UNT Classes and Registration Page Registration Tips for Engineering Students When registering for classes, keep the following in mind: Log into MyUNT and review information on your Student Center page. The Student Center provides your Enrollment Dates (registration start date for the next semester) and your Holds before attempting to register. You cannot register before your enrollment date and/or until your holds have been removed. If you have an Advising Required Hold on your account, you must meet with your academic advisor before you will be allowed to register. Please contact the Advising Office in Discovery Park A101 or 940-565-4201 to schedule an appointment with your advisor. Check course prerequisites especially for math, lab science, computer science, and engineering classes. Prerequisites for a course can be found in the course descriptions section of the catalog. Check course corequisites especially for math, lab science, and engineering courses. Corequisites for a course can be found in the course descriptions section of the catalog. Use your degree audit and the suggested four year plan for your major as a guide, but remember that your schedule will likely differ depending on your starting point in math, as well as your chosen core and elective courses. Note the location of your class meetings to make sure you have at least 40 minutes to get between buildings and campuses. Most of your computer science and engineering courses will meet at the Discovery Park campus. Stay updated about the add/drop procedure and when the add/drop periods are. Academic Resources Core Requirements Degree Programs Classes & Registration Degree Audit Steps to Graduation Alert, Probation & Suspension How to Calculate Grade Point Average Scholarships, Grants & Jobs Scholarships & Grants Internships & Co-ops Job & Career Assistance Dean of Students Student Life Career Center Center for Leadership and Service Center for Student Affairs at Discovery Park Department of Housing and Residence Life Greek Life MeanGreenSports.com New Student Programs Recreational Sports Student Activities Center Student Legal Services Engineering Student Organizations University Union Veterans Center Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 