 engineering   capstone Senior Design Capstone Experience College of Engineering engineering   capstone Senior Design Capstone Experience College of Engineering engineering   capstone Senior Design Capstone Experience College of Engineering engineering   capstone Senior Design Capstone Experience College of Engineering engineering   capstone Senior Design Capstone Experience College of Engineering engineering   capstone Senior Design Capstone Experience College of Engineering engineering   capstone Senior Design Capstone Experience College of Engineering engineering   capstone Senior Design Capstone Experience College of Engineering engineering   capstone Senior Design Capstone Experience College of Engineering engineering   capstone Senior Design Capstone Experience College of Engineering  Senior Design Capstone Experience | College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving Home Senior Design Capstone Experience < > Sponsors! Time to plan your Fall 2017 sponsorship of Senior Design projects. Company sponsored projects typically are categorized as “Back burner”, “What if . . .”, “There’s a better way . . .”, and new concepts. Note: Sponsors have complete ownership of all project results, i.e. “We provide the talent, you keep the IP.” Please share and discuss with your colleagues. Students! Connect your internship to your Senior Design projects. Preparing the Next Generation of Industry Leaders As one of the nation’s largest public universities and the largest, most comprehensive in the Dallas-Fort Worth area, the University of North Texas is dedicated to providing an excellent education to its more than 36,000 students while powering the North Texas region, state and nation through innovative programs and research.  The College of Engineering graduates more than 300 young engineering professionals each academic year who demonstrate their education and innovation through a senior capstone course.  Student groups work with corporate partners to apply their knowledge and talent in developing innovative solutions to real world problems. All seniors in biomedical engineering, electrical engineering, mechanical and energy engineering, materials science and engineering, information technology, computer engineering, computer science, and engineering technology conclude their undergraduate engineering education with a two-semester capstone senior design project (Electrical Engineering has two one-semester long capstone courses).  Students gain hands-on experience while working in a team environment.  Essential concepts such as project planning, designing, and scheduling are emphasized throughout the project.  In addition to invaluable, practical technical experience, the capstone project enables students to develop their communication skills through a visual and oral presentation before an audience of peers, faculty, and experts in industry at Design Day, held on the last Friday of April each year. Sample Project Success Project Sponsor Mobile Beverage Cooling Prototype PepsiCo. Cyclone and Compact Vertical Gas Separators Peerless Manufacturing Co. Control of Parabolic Solar Collector Solar Logic, Inc. Wind Tunnel Test Bed for AC Unit Testing Lennox Automatic Bag Fill Tester Frito Lay Green Energy Children’s Exhibit Sci-Tech Discovery Center Viton Elastomer Test Fixture Halliburton Thermal Storage Unit for Residential AC Trane Lighter than Air UAV American Society of Mechanical engineers PACCAR/Cummins Lifting eye bracket Peterbilt Motors Company Sponsoring Student Capstone Projects Each student team consists of (usually) between 3 and 6 seniors and is led by a faculty member who is an expert in the area of the project and acts as the academic mentor. Corporate partners support capstone projects by providing funding for necessary materials, laboratory access, any required equipment use fees, etc. The company also offers an engineer who acts as the corporate mentor, participates in design reviews, meets regularly with the student team, guides the project, and evaluates the final product. To cover the specific cost of the project needs and the general educational needs of our graduate and undergraduate students, we request a sponsorship that varies based on the duration of the capstone project and the size of the sponsoring company: For companies with under 100 employees or for individuals the request is to cover the specific cost of the project needs. For companies with under 500 employees the requested sponsorship is $7,000 for year-long projects and $3,500 for semester-long projects. For other companies the requested sponsorship is $12,000 for year-long projects and $6,000 for semester-long projects. If it is projected that the cost of materials, supplies, licenses, and equipment access fees may exceed the sponsorship cost, we will negotiate with the sponsoring company before the start of the project. If company facilities and equipment will be used for the capstone project, we will negotiate with the sponsoring company the value of such in-kind support before the start of the project. College of Engineering Capstone Project Sponsorship Request Summary Sponsor Company Size 1 Semester Project 2 Semester Project < 100 The direct project costs The direct project costs 100 < 500 $3,500 $7,000 >= 500 $6,000 $12,000 Deliverables As a corporate sponsor, your organization will receive: Access to innovation in engineering through a team of appropriate engineering students bearing your name and dedicated to your project of choice. An opportunity to consult on engineering curriculum An opportunity to serve as an advisor and engage with your student team and their faculty mentor in the project development process. An opportunity to facilitate professional networking between your student team and employees at your organization. An invitation to attend and participate (if desired) in Senior Design Day in April. A detailed report capturing the design, analysis, performance, and alternative approaches considered during the development/design of the project. Source code, where applicable, such as the actual drawings, programming of the prototype, performance analysis and simulation software. The physical prototype developed by the project where applicable upon completion of the use of the prototype by the team members (outstanding works are expected to be submitted to local, statewide, national, and/or international competitions). A prestigious network of experienced young professionals to recruit employees for your organization. Impact the Student Experience Sponsorship funds will be used to support the project needs.  Any sponsorship funds not used by a capstone project team will be used to support our teaching and research facilities, and the educational experience and professional development of our undergraduate and graduate students. Contact For questions or additional information, please contact Thomas Derryberry. Senior Design / Capstone 2017 Design Projects CE Projects CNET Projects CS Projects EE Projects ELET Projects IT Projects MEE Projects MEET Projects MTSE Projects 2017 Design Day Programs CE Programs CNET Programs CS Programs EE Programs ELET Programs IT Programs MEE Programs MEET Programs MTSE Programs 2016 Design Projects CSE-IT Projects EE Projects ETEC Projects MEE Projects MTSE Projects 2016 Design Day Programs CSE-IT Schedule EE Schedule ETEC Schedule MEE Schedule 2016 Design Day Photos 2015 Senior Design Projects 2015 Sponsor Summary 2015 Design Day Photos 2014 Senior Design Projects 2014 Design Day Photos 2013 Senior Design Projects 2013 Design Day Photos 2012 Senior Design Projects 2012 Design Day Photos 2011 Senior Design Projects 2011 Design Day Photos 2014 CSE Design Day 2013 CSE Design Day 2012 CSE Design Day 2011 CSE Design Day 2010 CSE Design Day For students and faculty only: Submit your design >   Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 