 engineering   departments College of Engineering engineering   departments College of Engineering engineering   departments College of Engineering engineering   departments College of Engineering engineering   departments College of Engineering engineering   departments College of Engineering engineering   departments College of Engineering engineering   departments College of Engineering engineering   departments College of Engineering engineering   departments College of Engineering  College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving Home Departments Biomedical Engineering The undergraduate program in Biomedical Engineering at UNT allows students to major in Biomedical Engineering, minor in mathematics and minor in an additional area of engineering. Thus, a student graduating from the 120 SCH program will be well rounded and have the engineering skills and expertise to work in industry, hospitals, or research institutions or to become a motivated entrepreneur. Our program allows you to tailor your education to your own specialized interest by providing five areas of concentration: Bioinformatics, Biomedical Instrumentation, Biomechanics, Biotechnology, and Biomaterials. As well as a minor in mathematics and a minor in another engineering discipline of your choice, upon completion of the program. We are accepting freshmen only and no transfers at this time. Undergraduate Studies | Graduate Studies Visit department website Computer Science and Engineering The Department of Computer Science and Engineering provides a high quality education to students. Professors balance theoretical and experimental aspects of computer science, as well as software and hardware issues. The curricula serve the citizens and industrial organizations of Texas and North Texas specifically. The department maintains a collegial atmosphere that encourages intellectual and scholarly success of the faculty and students. The department strongly encourages faculty and students to do interdisciplinary research. Undergraduate Studies | Graduate Studies Visit department website Electrical Engineering The Department of Electrical Engineering combines hands-on research, engaging faculty and top of the line facilities to provide students with the best education. The department's multidisciplinary coursework gives students opportunities to solve problems by working with other engineering experts. The department promotes partnerships between students, faculty and industry to prepare tomorrow's engineers for their careers. Undergraduate Studies | Graduate Studies Visit department website Engineering Technology The Department of Engineering Technology prepares students to be productive leaders and technology innovators in a global society. The department’s faculty strives to achieve the highest quality in the design and delivery of the programs. The department has strong ties with local industry, government agencies, alumni and the community.Departmental programs emphasize applied theoretical concepts, innovation and business processes. Classes consist of coordinated laboratory experiences and lectures. The department stresses student involvement in innovation and applied research. Undergraduate Studies | Graduate Studies Visit department website Materials Science and Engineering The Department of Materials Science and Engineering helps students prepare for the educational and technological challenges of the 21st century. Students are educated about the creation, application and characterization of new materials for manufacturing products. Students are given opportunities for hands-on research with modern equipment and facilities. The department partners with other universities in the metroplex and with industries throughout the world. Students have an opportunity to develop marketable skills for any area they choose to enter. These areas may include: electronics chemical electric power environmental industries academia Undergraduate Studies | Graduate Studies Visit department website Mechanical and Energy Engineering The Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering at UNT is the first in the nation. The department is committed to providing outstanding and innovative programs to students. Professors integrate the fundamentals of mechanical engineering with interdisciplinary, modern applications. Students enjoy a unique learning experience in a research/ project oriented environment. Faculty members are nationally and internationally known. They practice their innovative ideas in research and share them in the classroom. Students will acquire knowledge in: renewable energy production storage energy efficiency technologies problem solving life-long learning skills Undergraduate Studies | Graduate Studies Visit department website Research Centers Center for Advanced Research and Technology Center for Advanced Scientific Computing and Modeling Center for Computational Epidemiology and Response Analysis Center for Information and Cyber Security Net-Centric Software and Systems Center PACCAR Technology Institute Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 