 engineering   funding College of Engineering engineering   funding College of Engineering engineering   funding College of Engineering engineering   funding College of Engineering engineering   funding College of Engineering engineering   funding College of Engineering engineering   funding College of Engineering engineering   funding College of Engineering engineering   funding College of Engineering engineering   funding College of Engineering  College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving Home Research Services Overview If you are a University of North Texas College of Engineering faculty member, we will search for funding for your project if you send an abstract or paragraph describing your project to leyla.yagdyyeva@unt.edu. Knowledgeable staff can answer your questions about specific deadlines and details related to grants and funding opportunities. Or call: 940-565-2916.   Proposal Development Process Pre-Award Timeline  Pre-Award Process  The UNT Faculty Research Grant Program RSGs - Research Seed Grants, awarded for amounts up to $10,000 from the Office of Research and Economic Development, are intended to enable research that seeds funding of extramural sponsored programs, or that bridges a gap in extramural support.Applications Taken Year-round, Evaluated by 15th Each Month from September to June. Additional UNT funding opportunities Small Grant — This grant program provides stop-gap funding for unexpected and emergency needs outside of regular funding cycles.Applications Taken Year-round Additional resources to search for funding-related information FedBizOpps - federal business opportunities Federal Acquisition Jumpstation - links to federal procurement information Foundation Center - the most authoritative source of information on private philanthropy in the U.S.  Access to the subscription-based Foundation Directory Online is provided on a limited basis. Grants for Individuals - from Michigan State University Libraries. Subject categories make searching easy. GuideStar: the National Database of Private Organizations - information on U.S. foundations based on data from IRS Forms 990-PF from private foundations. Texas eGrants Search - competitive funding announcements available through dozens of Texas state agencies. Philanthropy News Digest - from Foundation Center. Click “RFPs” in the upper banner. Search by keyword or browse by subject Pivot - Research Opportunities, Funding & Profiles in One Single Place. NineSigma - An industry solution for broadcasting corporate needs to potential solution providers to stay ahead of the tech curve. Guidelines for Requesting CENG Proposal Development Support (PDS)   PDS Budget Template   Facilities and Resources - Talon 3.0  Facilities and Resources - MRF  Red Team  Graduate Student Pay Schedule and Tuition Rates  Grant Resources Funding Databases Funding Alerts Federal Agencies Publications Non-Federal & Private Funding Funding Opportunities Newsletter December 2016 Issue November 2016 Issue October 2016 Issue September 2016 Issue August 2016 Issue July 2016 Issue Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 