 engineering   alumni College of Engineering engineering   alumni College of Engineering engineering   alumni College of Engineering engineering   alumni College of Engineering engineering   alumni College of Engineering engineering   alumni College of Engineering engineering   alumni College of Engineering engineering   alumni College of Engineering engineering   alumni College of Engineering engineering   alumni College of Engineering  College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving Home < > Alumni Cheryl Miller ('83), principal technical architect at AT&T;, is a life learner of her profession. Alumni Lettie K. Haynes ('82), assistant VP of Technology at BNSF Railway, is guiding the technology that helps train cars deliver goods through the U.S. and Canada. Alumni Lance Sandmann and Byron Rose are back to the college recuiting for Peterbilt at a career fair. More than 4,000 College of Engineering alumni are in the Dallas-Fort Worth region. The college also has successful alumni in Atlanta, Denver, the greater Los Angeles area, the San Francisco Bay area and Seattle. A growing number of graduates are in the Austin, Houston and San Antonio areas. The College of Engineering has grown by almost 50 percent since the college was established in 2004. Many of the students are from the Dallas-Fort Worth region. The college is growing in its ability to recruit students from outside the state and the nation. Scholarships help the college attract the best students. Blackberry, Siemens, PepsiCo and Zodiac Aerospace have made commitments to scholarship funding. In the past three years, the college has grown from very few donors to more than 80. These efforts help science and engineering at UNT, which help add value to alumni's diplomas. UNT is becoming just as well known for science and engineering as it is for music and arts. Support and pride from alumni is needed to make sure this continues. We love to hear from our alumni. Please keep us upated with your alumni success stories.  Planned Giving: Planned giving allows you to establish your legacy now, while leaving you in control of your assets throughout your lifetime. In addition to bequests, planned giving includes gifts made with appreciated assets such as stocks, insurance, income producing asset or real estate. Planned giving may also utilize techniques that create a source of income for life. UNT offers complimentary consultation with planned giving professionals to its alumni and friends. To learn more, please visit http://plannedgiving.unt.edu/ or call 940-565-3683. Alumni Story: Meet Britney Caldwell (‘11, Electrical Engineering) and Cory White (‘09, Computer Science and Engineering), two College of Engineering alumni who found love while attending UNT. Read the whole story. Alumni Photos: Homecoming Tailgate 2016 Alumni Reception Jan. 31, 2015 Homecoming Tailgate 2014 Homecoming Tailgate 2013Tailgate Party before UNT vs. SMU gameFall 2014 Career Fair Alumni Profile Noah Maze BS in Electical Engineering, minor in Math 2012 Spiceworks "I have nothing but the fondest memories for UNT! The EE department was well-provided-for and staffed with a broad array of skilled engineers. The variety of subjects available to explore in the EE department typifies my UNT experience: UNT provides... Read more Meet more alumni > Resources for Alumni UNT Alumni Association Give to the College of Engineering Maps & Directions Career Center Request a Transcript North Texan Alumni Magazine Research Magazine College of Engineering Recent Graduate Advisory Board Follow Us Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 