 engineering   partners Corporate Partners College of Engineering engineering   partners Corporate Partners College of Engineering engineering   partners Corporate Partners College of Engineering engineering   partners Corporate Partners College of Engineering engineering   partners Corporate Partners College of Engineering engineering   partners Corporate Partners College of Engineering engineering   partners Corporate Partners College of Engineering engineering   partners Corporate Partners College of Engineering engineering   partners Corporate Partners College of Engineering engineering   partners Corporate Partners College of Engineering  Corporate Partners | College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving Home Corporate Partners Recruiting The UNT Career Center offers employers access to thousands of qualified candidates who are ready to assume their positions and help bring your company greater success. Every company is looking for new talent and we want you to see the quality students we have to offer. Find out more. Capstone Projects Senior design is a unique opportunity for companies, organizations and individual entities to partner and interact with students from our college, resulting in a win-win situation for both, our students and industry partners. Find out more. Support The College of Engineering receives support and funding from the following corporations: Advanced Micro Devices Altera Corporation AT&T Bell Helicopter BlackBerry  BNSF Railway Company CBS Arcsafe, Inc. ChevronTexaco Cisco Systems ExxonMobil Corporation Freese and Nichols, Inc. Hayes, Berry, White & Vanzant L-3 Communications Lockheed Martin Corp. McClendon Corporation Microsoft Matching Gifts Program PACCAR Pacific Life Peerless Manufacturing Co. Raytheon Raytheon Matching Gifts Ed. Program Siemens SPIE TDIndustries Texas Instruments Inc. Time Inc. United Copper Industries Vought Aircraft Company Xilinx Zodiac Aerospace Zyvex Research Centers Center for Advanced Research and Technology Center for Advanced Scientific Computing and Modeling Center for Computational Epidemiology and Response Analysis Center for Information and Cyber Security Net-Centric Software and Systems Center PACCAR Technology Institute Contact Thomas Derryberry for info on becoming a corporate partner/sponsor. Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 