 engineering   map Maps and Directions College of Engineering engineering   map Maps and Directions College of Engineering engineering   map Maps and Directions College of Engineering engineering   map Maps and Directions College of Engineering engineering   map Maps and Directions College of Engineering engineering   map Maps and Directions College of Engineering engineering   map Maps and Directions College of Engineering engineering   map Maps and Directions College of Engineering engineering   map Maps and Directions College of Engineering engineering   map Maps and Directions College of Engineering  Maps and Directions | College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving Home » Overview Maps and Directions Click here to view location in Google Maps. View Larger Map From UNT Denton Campus Take the bus from the main campus OR Follow Oak St. (north side of campus) West to Bonnie Brae. Take a right on Bonnie Brae (going north) for 4 miles to Elm St. Take a right (going east) on Elm for .75 miles to Discovery Park. Proceed to the flagpole (Lobby) area and park. The Dean's Office & Conference Room are in the glassed-in office area northwest of the Lobby. From Dallas Go North on I-35 East to Denton. Continue north past the junction of I35 E and W. Exit number 470 Loop 288/US77, and turn right (east) on US 77 - North Elm. Discovery Park is at 3940 N Elm on your left. The entrance is at the east end. Proceed to the flagpole (Lobby) area and park. The Dean's Office & Conference Room are in the glassed-in office area northwest of the Lobby. From Fort Worth Go North on I-35 West to Denton. Follow I-35 North signs - proceed north on I35 at the junction of I35W and I35E. Exit number 470 Loop 288/US77, and turn right (east) on US 77 - North Elm. Discovery Park is at 3940 N Elm on your left. The entrance is at the east end. Proceed to the flagpole (Lobby) area and park. The Dean's Office & Conference Room are in the glassed-in office area northwest of the Lobby. About Us Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services About Discovery Park Take a Tour Maps & Directions History of the College Strategic Plan Organizational Chart Alumni Videos Photo Gallery Research Centers Center for Advanced Research and Technology Center for Advanced Scientific Computing and Modeling Center for Computational Epidemiology and Response Analysis Center for Information and Cyber Security Net-Centric Software and Systems Center PACCAR Technology Institute Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 