    community Community     community Community     community Community     community Community     community Community     community Community     community Community     community Community     community Community     community Community   Community | University of North Texas Skip to main content Call us Contact Us UNT Map HomeAdmissionsAcademicsStudent LifeAbout UNTResearchAthleticsGivingCurrent StudentsFaculty & StaffAlumni & FriendsParents & FamilyCommunity & VisitorsMyUNTBlackboardEagleConnectUNT Directory Quicklinks MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory Home Admissions Academics Student Life About UNT Research Athletics Giving MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory HomeAdmissionsAcademicsStudent LifeAbout UNTResearchAthleticsGiving UNT is the university for North Texas Every day, UNT reaches out to the community to create partnerships and offer helpful services, making us the university for North Texas. UNT enriches, inspires and helps the communities of the region in many ways. Community and Visitors Visitor information Campus map and directions Visitor parking on campus UNT parking maps UNT shuttle routes and schedules Public transportation options Campus tours for future students, families and alumni Group tours for elementary, middle and early-high school Discover Denton Things to do in the D/FW area Local area restaurants Local area hotels Events and activities More than 1,000 musical concerts, art exhibitions and theater productions are offered by students and faculty annually. UNT event calendar UNT Mean Green Athletics College of Music performance calendar Murchison Performing Arts Center (Winspear Hall & Lyric Theatre) UNT Dance & Theatre performance schedule & box office UNT Art Galleries: UNT Art Gallery Cora Stafford Gallery, Lightwell Gallery & UNT ArtSpace Dallas (formerly Fashion on Main) University Union Gallery Texas Fashion Collection UNT on the Square An arts and meeting space in downtown Denton devoted to presenting UNT arts programming in service to the community. Mary Jo and V. Lane Rawlins Fine Arts Series A series of performing, visual and literary arts events designed to entertain and educate. The Mayborn Literary Nonfiction Conference An annual gathering of some of the most talented storytellers in the country, who share their stories, life-changing experiences and expertise with aspiring writers during three days of lectures, panels, one-on-one sessions, and student classes. Rafes Urban Astronomy Center observatory Sky Theater planetarium Community service and volunteers Looking for volunteer opportunities? UNT's Center for Leadership and Service links students who want to serve with causes that need assistance, including off-campus projects that support community needs and on-campus projects. By connecting UNT students with volunteer opportunities, the center develops learning opportunities to engage students as active citizens and leaders in the global community. Find volunteer opportunities Need volunteers? Become a partner with UNT's Center for Leadership and Service. UNT has 37,000 students and 5,000 employees, making it an excellent source of volunteers. Whether you need someone with a particular skill, a volunteer for one hour a week, or a lot of bodies to staff an event, we want to help. Find volunteers UNT has many student organizations dedicated to service and volunteerism. Visit our student orgs website to discover the various ways UNT students give back to the community (click on "Service" link under "Browse By Category"). Lifelong learning & professional development Osher Lifelong Learning Institute Designed for fun and intellectual development (learning simply for the joy of learning), the Osher Lifelong Learning Institute provides an extensive range of classes, travel programs and social activities for adults age 50 and older. Osher Lifelong Learning Institute at UNT Travel Educational trips to locations around the world led by UNT faculty members and other expert guides. Professional development courses Allow professionals in the North Texas region and beyond to take non-credit courses taught by UNT faculty members. Both online and in person classes are offered. Online minicourses Provided in conjunction with Ed2go, UNT's online minicourses are downloadable 12-lesson modules designed to meet your needs for skill development. Public services and resources Center for Sport Psychology and Performance Excellence Provides sessions to improve mental toughness for individual athletes, coaches and leaders, and teams and groups. Child and Family Resource Clinic Services include assessment, counseling, and parent education classes. Office of Family Science Education, Research and Policy Responds to the needs of families through research, advocacy, resources and leadership and helps start partnerships between parents, schools, and agencies through research and seminars. Formerly the Center for Parent Education. UNT Passport Office Services include processing new passport applications, taking photos and replacing lost or stolen passports for students, faculty, staff and the general public. No appointment is needed. UNT Kristin Farmer Autism Center Provides families with a resource for evidenced-based interventions and training, as well as comprehensive treatment, research and support for individuals with autism spectrum disorder. Counseling and Human Development Center Services include individual adult counseling, individual adolescent counseling, career counseling, couples counseling and play therapy Center for Play Therapy Play therapy uses play—children's natural medium of expression—to help them express their feelings more easily through toys instead of words. The center provides play therapy services including individual play therapy, group play therapy and parent training. Elm Fork Education Center Provides investigative encounters that engage students of all ages in field activities and discovery experiences, designed to encourage sound environmental decision making and responsible environmental stewardship. Oral History Program Partners with many community organizations to record, transcribe and archive oral history interviews covering a wide variety of subject matter in order to preserve local, state, and U.S. history. UNT Psychology Clinic Services include individual and group therapy; marriage and family therapy; play therapy; behavior health services and intelligence, vocational and personality evaluations. UNT Speech and Hearing Clinic Services include diagnostic and treatment services in speech-language pathology and audiology. UNT Library services for community members and visitors Provides several resources and services for the wider community and serves as a hub of activity on campus for special events. Printing Services, Eagle Images Copy Centers & Union Design Works Services Print, publishing, copies, graphic design and multimedia services.   Youth camps and programs Music camps Hosted by UNT’s College of Music, these camps span experience levels from elementary school to college. Many camps include to performances in public concerts throughout the summer. Music camps information UNT Robocamp Through UNT’s Computer Science and Engineering department, Robocamp allows kids 12 and up to learn about robotics, programming, and game development in week-long, all-day programs. UNT Robocamp information Office of Outreach Building college knowledge for young students and parents and creating a college-going culture to encourage education past high school. Office of Outreach information Elm Fork Explorer's Camp and Discovery Camp Elm Fork Explorer's Camps are week-long half-day science education sessions for 2nd through 8th graders that can be combined with Discovery camps (which are more about recreation and arts and crafts and less about science) to create full-day programs. Elm Fork Explorer's Camp and Discovery Camp information Debate camp UNT’s Debate camps range from one to three weeks and provide a national level institute designed for middle and high school students at all levels of experience. Debate camp information Athletic camps and clinics Join Mean Green head coaches and staff for athletic development experiences in basketball, football, soccer, swimming and diving, tennis, track and field, and volleyball. Athletic camps and clinics information Group tours for elementary, middle and early-high school College awareness program targeting students in elementary, middle and early high school, designed to introduce UNT and our outstanding academic programs to students in these age groups. Group tours information Facilities, event hosting and catering services University Union event planning & scheduling services Make your next event a success at the University Union, Gateway Center or Coliseum by taking advantage of the Union's one stop shop‚ for venue selection, set-up and catering services. Conference & Event Management From summer camps to international conferences, event management services can help you arrange meeting and recreational spaces, housing, dining services, transportation, social events and all the support services you need for a successful event. Verde! full-service catering World-class catering from donuts and coffee to hors d'oeuvres and full-course meals to satisfy any taste. The Club at Gateway Center UNT's restaurant, operated by students in the Hospitality Management program, is a great casual setting for your birthday or business luncheons and can easily accommodate large parties. Food-To-Go at the University Union Fresh, delicious, made-from-scratch food served in affordable group-sized amounts. Gateway Center The Gateway Banquet and Conference Center is a 28,000 square foot, multi-level facility located on the entrance to campus. Services include meeting rooms, outdoor spaces and an extensive banquet facility. Coliseum (Super Pit) With 10,3000 square feet of arena space and 43,685 square feet of concourse, the Coliseum is large enough to host basketball games, commencements, concerts, luncheons, workshops, dances, camps and competitions. Recreation and fitness facilities and reservations Reserve tennis courts, multi-purpose athletic fields, racquetball/handball courts, basketball/volleyball courts and many more. Top Required Links Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Main Menu Home Admissions Academics Student Life About UNT Research Athletics Giving University Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Calendar UNT Map Jobs at UNT Colleges & Schools Specifically for Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni & Friends Parents & Family Community Emails Graduate Admissions Freshman Admissions Transfer Admissions International Admissions     Find UNT on Google Maps 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information   940-565-2000   800-RELAY TX   Technical Issues Call us Email Us UNT Map Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links ©2017 University of North Texas 