 journalism   future students hands experience Hands on experience School of Journalism journalism   future students hands experience Hands on experience School of Journalism journalism   future students hands experience Hands on experience School of Journalism journalism   future students hands experience Hands on experience School of Journalism journalism   future students hands experience Hands on experience School of Journalism journalism   future students hands experience Hands on experience School of Journalism journalism   future students hands experience Hands on experience School of Journalism journalism   future students hands experience Hands on experience School of Journalism journalism   future students hands experience Hands on experience School of Journalism journalism   future students hands experience Hands on experience School of Journalism  Hands-on experience | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future StudentsHands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate Graduate Student Media People Alumni About Us With services ranging from graphic design and branding to social media and event coordination, SWOOP – UNT’s student-managed advertising and public relations agency – works with a range of clients in the region. Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn Hands-on experienceReal work for real clients UNT’s Mayborn School of Journalism takes you outside the classroom and inside the world of professional communication through a variety of student media outlets and clubs. You’ll work with real clients, learn the tools you need to meet real challenges and gain experience to succeed in the real world. Denton Live Denton’s tourist magazine Denton Live is a partnership between the Mayborn School of Journalism and the Denton Convention and Visitors Bureau. You’ll write magazine and website content as well as provide the layout and design. Denton Live is distributed at tourist locations around the state. Hatch Visuals Student photographers run a media services agency called Hatch Visuals using a cloud-based state-of-the-art archive. Hatch Visuals staff members were the official photographers of Denton’s Thin Line Fest in 2015 and currently work with clients across campus and throughout the North Texas region. North Texas Daily, NTDaily.com and NTDailyRadio.com The student newspaper has been providing news, commentary and entertainment to the UNT community since 1916. To supplement your coursework, you’ll learn the business of operating a newspaper, solving everyday personnel, customer service and production issues. NTDailyRadio.com serves UNT and Denton with podcasts that can be enjoyed by anyone using a computer, tablet or smartphone. NTDailyTV.com and Denton Community TV Students produce, write, report, shoot, edit and anchor newscasts using the latest technology and software, under the supervision of faculty with extensive experience in the broadcast industry. Programs air on Denton Community TV, the city’s public access channel, and online. The Mayborn Literary Nonfiction Conference The annual The Mayborn Literary Nonfiction Conference is a top national forum for writers, journalists, readers and students that focuses on enhancing the quality of nonfiction writing and creating a community of narrative storytellers. The conference hosts some of the nation’s top nonfiction writers and editors each year. Ten Spurs Ten Spurs is an annual literary journal produced by the Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism featuring winners from the conference’s writing contests, many of whom are graduate students and alumni. Mayborn Magazine Mayborn magazine gives graduate students star billing alongside professionals such as National Book Award winner Bob Shacochis and Pulitzer finalist Kelley Benham, sharing stories about how writers create a narrative world from today’s headlines. Abundant Internship Opportunities UNT is located in the 5th largest media market in the country, which provides access to numerous outstanding internship opportunities. Students gain experience at advertising and public relations agencies throughout the Dallas/Fort Worth region. Broadcasting internships are available from area network, independent and cable stations, radio stations and websites. News and photo students can intern with magazines, newspapers, book publishers and their websites. Many students find full-time jobs from their internships.  For more information, visit our Undergraduate Internships and Graduate Internships pages. My career goal is to become a broadcast meteorologist for either the Discovery Channel or the National Geographic Channel. Mayborn has taught me so much about reporting and broadcasting in television. I now know how to use a camera and how to best present a topic, and what angles work best when out in the field.” Trerell HearnBroadcast journalism student Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 