 journalism   future students experienced attentive faculty Experienced Attentive Faculty School of Journalism journalism   future students experienced attentive faculty Experienced Attentive Faculty School of Journalism journalism   future students experienced attentive faculty Experienced Attentive Faculty School of Journalism journalism   future students experienced attentive faculty Experienced Attentive Faculty School of Journalism journalism   future students experienced attentive faculty Experienced Attentive Faculty School of Journalism journalism   future students experienced attentive faculty Experienced Attentive Faculty School of Journalism journalism   future students experienced attentive faculty Experienced Attentive Faculty School of Journalism journalism   future students experienced attentive faculty Experienced Attentive Faculty School of Journalism journalism   future students experienced attentive faculty Experienced Attentive Faculty School of Journalism journalism   future students experienced attentive faculty Experienced Attentive Faculty School of Journalism  Experienced, Attentive Faculty | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future StudentsHands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate Graduate Student Media People Alumni About Us Broadcast news lecturer Michelle Redmond was previously a reporter and producer at WFAA-TV, Dallas’ ABC affiliate, and also worked for National Geographic Television. Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn Experienced, Attentive FacultyThe key to your success Mayborn School of Journalism faculty bring decades of experience in the media to the classroom. Mayborn faculty have received national honors such as duPont Awards, Peabody Awards and Walter Cronkite Awards. You’ll have an opportunity to study with some of the most respected professionals in their fields, including: Thorne Anderson A specialist in photojournalism, visual communication and multimedia storytelling, Anderson has worked internationally as a freelance photojournalist for publications including The New York Times, Los Angeles Times, Chicago Tribune and Newsweek. He is a co-author and photographer of Unembedded: Four Independent Photojournalists on the War in Iraq.  Read more» Dr. Sheri Broyles Dr. Broyles’ professional background in advertising and public relations has led to research in creativity such as the creative personality, creative portfolios, and the study of women within creative departments. Dr. Broyles has published work debunking subliminal advertising and is currently working on a study of advertising in Cuba.  Read more» Dr. Meredith Clark Recently named to The Root’s list of 100 Most Influential African Americans, Dr. Clark has been widely interviewed in the media for her research on Black Twitter and the hashtag #IfTheyGunnedMeDown. Her latest research focuses on users of the hashtag #BlackLivesMatter in three U.S. cities where unarmed Black males died at the hands of police officers.  Read more» Dr. Tracy Everbach Dr. Everbach brings to UNT 12 years of experience as a newspaper reporter at The Dallas Morning News. Her research interests include gender and race in media, newsroom management and sports coverage.  Read more» Cornelius Foote A longtime media executive, Foote specializes in the future of media, social media and journalism, media management and multimedia storytelling. He has worked at the Miami Herald, the Washington Post and The Dallas Morning News. He is president of Foote Communications, a media consulting firm in Dallas.  Read more» "The Mayborn is staffed with professionals who have tremendous experience, won awards and traveled. Also, because UNT is less than an hour’s drive from Dallas and Fort Worth, the chances of having success in the journalism job market are very high." Gabrielle EbronPublic Relations student Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 