 journalism   future students degree programs Degree Programs School of Journalism journalism   future students degree programs Degree Programs School of Journalism journalism   future students degree programs Degree Programs School of Journalism journalism   future students degree programs Degree Programs School of Journalism journalism   future students degree programs Degree Programs School of Journalism journalism   future students degree programs Degree Programs School of Journalism journalism   future students degree programs Degree Programs School of Journalism journalism   future students degree programs Degree Programs School of Journalism journalism   future students degree programs Degree Programs School of Journalism journalism   future students degree programs Degree Programs School of Journalism  Degree Programs | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future StudentsHands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate Graduate Student Media People Alumni About Us Students in the Frank W. Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism may apply for graduate assistantships, which provide paid opportunities to work closely with faculty and get published in one of the institute’s literary offerings. Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn Degree ProgramsThe Mayborn School of Journalism is among the elite journalism programs that have earned national accreditation by the Accrediting Council on Education in Journalism and Mass Communications. Only about one-fourth of all journalism and mass communications programs in the United States are accredited by this organization. Bachelor’s degree programs: Your story starts here In the Mayborn School of Journalism, you’ll learn how to communicate and tell stories relevant to society’s needs. Technological advances allow information to be delivered faster than ever before using many different media. Our students are prepared to become part of this rapidly changing field.   Bachelor of Arts in Journalism News concentration Broadcast and Digital Journalism Digital and Print Journalism Photojournalism Strategic Communication concentration Advertising Public Relations Sports Journalism Certification and Teacher Certification options also are available to students pursuing their bachelor’s degree. Graduate degree programs: The next level of excellence The Frank W. Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism offers the only nationally accredited professional Journalism master’s degree program in Texas, Oklahoma, New Mexico and Arkansas. Students can specialize in print and broadcast news, photojournalism, integrated marketing communications, publishing and more. Mayborn graduate students also can pursue an Interdisciplinary Information Science Ph.D., which focuses on the increasing role of information technologies in individual, social, economic and cultural affairs. Master of Arts in Journalism Master of Journalism Graduate certificates: Interactive and Virtual Digital Communication Narrative Journalism Public Relations “I’ve begun research on media coverage of mental illness, a topic that’s always been important to me. I’ve been sharing articles with another student who shares my research interests. The Mayborn students are so supportive of one another. Students who are further along in the program are always willing to offer advice on classes.” Emily GoldsteinMaster of Journalism student Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 