 journalism   undergraduate concentrations advertising Advertising School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate concentrations advertising Advertising School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate concentrations advertising Advertising School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate concentrations advertising Advertising School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate concentrations advertising Advertising School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate concentrations advertising Advertising School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate concentrations advertising Advertising School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate concentrations advertising Advertising School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate concentrations advertising Advertising School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate concentrations advertising Advertising School of Journalism  Advertising | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students UndergraduateConcentrationsAdvertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate Student Media People Alumni About Us Undergraduate ConcentrationsAdvertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn Advertising The Mayborn School of Journalism’s advertising program teaches students how to communicate persuasively in a globally-connected digital world. Students learn the skills that help them build a solid foundation and excel in careers using both traditional and new media. Our graduates have gone on to work for many well-known commercial agencies and non-profit organizations. Possible careers include digital, television, radio, online and mobile advertising. For information on Degree Plans, Degree Checklists and Transfer Guidelines, visit Advising. Classroom Experience Coursework helps students develop the skills necessary to develop world-class advertising strategy, copy, layout and presentation techniques for print, broadcast and web campaigns. Students learn how to write creative briefs, develop a brand, create advertising campaigns, manage accounts and purchase ad space in a variety of media. They learn the research and statistical analysis methods used to study audiences, such as content analysis, audience tracking services, surveys and focus groups. They explore the history, ethics and laws of the advertising world. Students also have the opportunity to write scripts for television and radio commercials and then use the television studio and sound recording studio to produce them. Field Experience The program combines classroom learning with visits to businesses whose professional experts are industry leaders. Advertising students in the creative track can work in teams with professional copywriters and art directors at local agencies to develop their portfolios. Students have the opportunity to shadow professionals in the student’s area of interest at corporations, agencies and non-profits in the Dallas–Fort Worth area. In the summertime, students also have the opportunity to take courses with and shadow advertising professionals in New York City. Facilities & Equipment Our Advertising facilities include audio and video production studios and our other studios and labs are equipped with the latest hardware and software for creating online and print projects, including scanners, digital projectors and software applications such as Dreamweaver, InDesign, Photoshop, Acrobat and Microsoft Office. New York Maymester Class This course is designed to introduce advertising students to the industry in a major international advertising center — New York City. Course activities will focus on three primary areas of the industry: advertising agencies, media and advertisers. Course participants will have daily group appointments with members of the New York advertising community. Through a shadow program, individual students will meet with industry personnel in their area of career interest. Offered Maymester only. Space is limited. Application required to be admitted to the class. Find more information here. Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 