 journalism   undergraduate scholarships Undergraduate Scholarships School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate scholarships Undergraduate Scholarships School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate scholarships Undergraduate Scholarships School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate scholarships Undergraduate Scholarships School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate scholarships Undergraduate Scholarships School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate scholarships Undergraduate Scholarships School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate scholarships Undergraduate Scholarships School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate scholarships Undergraduate Scholarships School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate scholarships Undergraduate Scholarships School of Journalism journalism   undergraduate scholarships Undergraduate Scholarships School of Journalism  Undergraduate Scholarships | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students UndergraduateConcentrations Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate Student Media People Alumni About Us Undergraduate Concentrations Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn Undergraduate ScholarshipsIf you are a graduate student, please see our Graduate Scholarships. General Eligibility Eligibility includes undergraduate students who will be enrolled for 12 hours or more in the fall semester. Students may apply for all scholarships for which they are eligible, but only one scholarship is awarded per person. Be aware that some scholarships include an essay with length requirements. Applying for scholarships does not guarantee receipt of one. Scholarship dollar amounts are awarded for the 2016-17 academic year. For example, a $1,000 scholarship will be given in two increments: $500 for fall 2016 and $500 for spring 2017. Click the button to begin the online application for all 2017-2018 undergraduate scholarships : *The deadline for fall 2017 scholarship applications has passed.* Apply Online Additional Resources UNT Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Journalism External Scholarship Opportunities Non-UNT Resources Other External Scholarship Opportunities William Randolph Hearst Scholarship The William Randolph Hearst Scholarship is a new award open to first-generation, Emerald Eagle Students. Roy Busby Endowed Undergraduate Scholarship The Roy Busby Endowed Scholarship was established by the Mayborn School of Journalism to honor Dr. Roy Busby, Regents Professor of Journalism. Riley Cross Memorial Scholarship This scholarship is open to journalism majors intending to enter print journalism in news editorial, advertising or photojournalism. Richard Pratt Smith Scholarship Applicants must be enrolled as full-time students in the News Concentration in the Mayborn School of Journalism. Preference is given to undergraduate juniors and transfer students. Paula McKay Endowed Scholarship in Journalism The Paula McKay Endowed Scholarship in Journalism is a scholarship established by Ted and Olga McKay, the parents of Paula McKay. Paul Recer Scholarship Applicants must be enrolled as full-time juniors or seniors (with a declared major) in the Mayborn School of Journalism and demonstrate financial need, which will be determined by their FAFSA. Osborne and Dee Linquist Endowed Scholarship in Journalism The scholarship is open to all news editorial and broadcast news students who have a minor or concentration, minor or second major in political science. Nicholas and Anna Ricco Ethics Scholarship Competition (Undergraduate) Nick and Anna Ricco, long-time UNT donors, created an ethics scholarship competition in 2011. It is open to all students in the 13 colleges and schools at the University of North Texas. Mayborn SWOOP Scholarship Eligible students must be enrolled as full-time undergraduate students with major status in the Advertising or PR and must be working in SWOOP. Applicants must have completed at least 60 hours of coursework toward a degree at the time of application and have a GPA of 2.8 or higher. Les Dames D’Escoffier Scholarship in Journalism Applicants must be an undergraduate female journalism student with a keen appreciation and understanding of food, wine and the art of the table. Applicants must have a 3.0 overall GPA and a 3.5 GPA in all academic major courses, must complete at least 12 hours of college courses prior to receiving the award and must be a resident of Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, Oklahoma or New Mexico. Larry Provart Memorial Scholarship The Larry Provart Memorial Scholarship was established by friends of Larry Provart. Larry was a Dallas Morning News photographer and a photojournalism student at UNT. Kenneth May Memorial Scholarship The Kenneth May Memorial Scholarship was established by friends and family of Kenneth may. Kenneth M. Jeanis Memorial Scholarship in Public Relations Applicants must be full-time seniors or graduate students with a 3.0 GPA or higher and must be active in campus activities, pursuing course work leading to a career in public relations. Keith Shelton Scholarship The Keith Shelton Scholarship was established to honor Keith Shelton, a former lecturer in the Mayborn School of Journalism. Junetta Watson Davis Memorial Scholarship Fund Applicants must be enrolled as full-time students in the News Concentration in the Mayborn School of Journalism. Journalism School Scholarship Applicants must be enrolled as full-time students in the Mayborn School of Journalism. Jim and Sue Rogers Memorial Scholarship This scholarship was established to in memory of Jim and Sue Rogers. Jack B. Tinsley/Fort Worth Star-Telegram Scholarship Applicants must be incoming freshmen or community college transfer students from either a 42-county geographic region of East Texas or from Tarrant County. Applicants must enroll full-time and must be in financial need. George B. and Bonnie C. Foster Marketing Journalism Scholarship Applicants must be enrolled as full-time undergraduate students with a 3.0 GPA or higher in the Mayborn School of Journalism at UNT. Gage Future Journalist Scholarship Preference for this award is given to out-of-state students. Applicants must be enrolled full-time at UNT as a Journalism major and must maintain a 3.2 GPA. Foster Marketing Houston Area Journalism Scholarship This scholarship was created in honor of George Foster and to provide scholarships for Journalism students at UNT. First Generation Scholarships As part of UNT’s 2014 We Care We Count campaign, the UNT Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Dean established three undergraduate $1,000 scholarships. Awards are given to first generation college students in their sophomore year or higher who meet certain requirements. Ernestine Farr Memorial Endowed Scholarship Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Farr established this scholarship fund to support students studying advertising at UNT. Elizabeth L. and Russell F. Hallberg Foundation Scholarship The Hallberg Foundation Scholarship is open to Journalism/TV/Film students transferring from Jarvis Christian College with a 2.5 GPA or higher. Applicants must be enrolled as full-time undergraduate students in the School of Journalism. Edward Okpa Journalism Scholarship The Edward Okpa Journalism Scholarship was established to support undergraduate students seeking their degree in journalism. Dr. James L. Rogers Public Relations Scholarship Applicants must be full-time strategic communications or public relations majors with at least 60 semester hours and a minimum 3.2 GPA. Diana Rae Hanson Memorial Scholarship Applicants must be full-time students in financial need with a GPA of 3.0 or higher in the Mayborm School of Journalism with preference given to advertising majors and out-of-state students. Dave T. Lane - Belo Corp Scholars Program Up to three full scholarships of $5,000 each, or smaller partial scholarships may be awarded annually. To apply, you must be enrolled as a full-time undergraduate student with major status in Print/Digital, Broadcast/Digital or Photo Journalism in the Mayborn School of Journalism, University of North Texas, have completed at least 60 hours of coursework toward a degree at the time of application; have a minimum UNT GPA of 3.0; be a US citizen. Charles and Madge Dameron Journalism Scholarship Applicants must be full-time undergraduate students within Journalism. Charldean Newell Journalism Scholarship The Charldean Newell Journalism Scholarship was established by Dr. Charldean Newell. Dr. Newell received a bachelor’s degree in journalism in 1960, serving as editor of the UNT student newspaper and as associate editor of the annual. She returned to UNT to teach political science and public administration, and credited much of her career as a scholar and as a university administrator to the fact-finding skills she learned as a journalism. C.E. Shuford Scholarship The C.E. Shuford Scholarship was created to honor C.E. “Pops” Shuford, founder of the journalism program at UNT. Awarded to an outstanding sophomore student. Bill Ford SWOOP Scholarship Eligible students must be enrolled as full-time undergraduate students with major status in the Advertising or PR and must be working in SWOOP. Applicants must have completed at least 60 hours of coursework toward a degree at the time of application and have a GPA of 2.8 or higher. Barbara Colegrove Journalism Scholarship Endowment Applicants must be enrolled as a full-time junior or senior student in the Mayborn School of Journalism in the news editorial, broadcast news and public relations majors. Arab and Islamic Journalism Scholarship The Arab and Islamic Journalism Scholarship was established to support undergraduate students seeking their degree in journalism with an interest in Arab and Islamic cultures. Ann Gray Ricco Journalism Scholarship Advertising Scholarship This scholarship fund is to support students studying advertising at UNT. Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 