 journalism   graduate concentrations Graduate Concentrations School of Journalism journalism   graduate concentrations Graduate Concentrations School of Journalism journalism   graduate concentrations Graduate Concentrations School of Journalism journalism   graduate concentrations Graduate Concentrations School of Journalism journalism   graduate concentrations Graduate Concentrations School of Journalism journalism   graduate concentrations Graduate Concentrations School of Journalism journalism   graduate concentrations Graduate Concentrations School of Journalism journalism   graduate concentrations Graduate Concentrations School of Journalism journalism   graduate concentrations Graduate Concentrations School of Journalism journalism   graduate concentrations Graduate Concentrations School of Journalism  Graduate Concentrations | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students Undergraduate GraduateConcentrationsMaster of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media People Alumni About Us Graduate ConcentrationsMaster of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn Graduate Concentrations Graduate work in the Frank W. Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism prepares students with lifetime communication and intellectual skills for successful careers in journalism, strategic communications, and higher education. This nationally accredited program offers state-of-the-art technological training and support as well as research and study opportunities in news, advertising, public relations, photojournalism, publishing, broadcast and multimedia news. Some web-based courses are available. Master of Arts in Journalism The M.A. candidate in journalism must complete a minimum of 36 semester hours, including a thesis of 6 hours. In addition to core courses in journalism, candidates may, with the approval of their graduate adviser, select their remaining coursework to support individual career interests. Master of Journalism The M.J. candidate must complete a minimum of 36 hours of graduate work. A 6-hour thesis is optional. In addition to core courses in journalism, candidates may, with the approval of their graduate adviser, select their remaining coursework to support individual career interests. Interdisciplinary Ph.D. The Frank W. Mayborn Graduate Institute also offers an interdisciplinary Ph.D. through the College of Information at UNT, which focuses on the increasing role of information technologies in individual, social, economic and cultural affairs. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism This certificate program is designed to teach exceptional narrative writing, editing and other storytelling skills. Up to 15 hours will apply toward a master’s degree. Graduate Certificate in Interactive and Virtual Digital Communication This 18-hour interdisciplinary academic certificate with the College of Information provides students and professionals written, visual and technical competencies required to successfully communicate in the modern online and information-oriented environments. Graduate Certificate in Public Relations This certificate program is designed to teach professionals the latest academic and professional PR material. Up to 15 hours will apply toward a master’s degree. Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 