 journalism   graduate internships Graduate Internships School of Journalism journalism   graduate internships Graduate Internships School of Journalism journalism   graduate internships Graduate Internships School of Journalism journalism   graduate internships Graduate Internships School of Journalism journalism   graduate internships Graduate Internships School of Journalism journalism   graduate internships Graduate Internships School of Journalism journalism   graduate internships Graduate Internships School of Journalism journalism   graduate internships Graduate Internships School of Journalism journalism   graduate internships Graduate Internships School of Journalism journalism   graduate internships Graduate Internships School of Journalism  Graduate Internships | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students Undergraduate GraduateConcentrations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media People Alumni About Us Graduate Concentrations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn Graduate Internships The spring 2016 Mayborn Internship and Career Fair will be held February 24th from 1 to 4 p.m. in the UNT Gateway Center. Click here to learn more. Internships for graduate students offer practical experience in areas of journalism under the instruction and supervision of a major professor and/or graduate institute director and the appointed supervisor of the internship company or organization. Graduate student internships are three hour courses. (JOUR 5800). If a student wishes to enroll in fewer than three hours of credit for an internship, justification must be clearly explained in the internship application and an advanced/special problems form will be used. Normally, no more than one three (3) hour internship course may be applied toward the master’s degree. If another internship is approved, it must be taken as a JOUR 5900 Advance/Special Problems course. Students may seek out internships that fit their interests, and professors are often a good starting point to discuss available opportunities. The School hosts an internship and career fair twice a year in the fall and spring. In addition, the Mayborn School of Journalism offers journalism internships and jobs at the UNT Career Center website. Students and alumni can log-in to see all listings for internships and part-time and full-time jobs. Students currently enrolled at UNT will use their EUID and password. Alumni can access Eagle Careers by registering. Directions can be found by selecting the alumni tab. An appointment to see a career specialist can be made through the Career Center at 940-565-2105. Are you an employer seeking one of our outstanding students for an internship? Find out more information at Eagle Careers. Internship Checklist Students must meet all standards set by the Mayborn Graduate Institute. See below for details. Download an application form Obtain a letter from the company or business that states you have been accepted for an internship at the organization. Attach this acceptance to the internship application or request the letter for the internship be sent to Gloria Blair, Graduate Student Coordinator at Gloria.Blair@unt.edu. This acceptance letter may also be in the form of an email sent by the supervisor at the internship company. Submit the signed and completed internship application form to the Graduate Student Coordinator in person in the Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism office in GAB 207 or by US mail. A completed and signed application form is required to receive the registration code to enroll in JOUR 5800. No exceptions will be made. If a student wishes to participate in a second internship or for less than three hours of credit, justification must be clearly explained in application. If granted, student will receive code to enroll in a special problems course.  Reports must be submitted to the internship coordinator throughout the internship, and a summary report must be completed at the end of the semester. See below for further details. Standards Students must meet prerequisites and standards set by the Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism before enrolling in internships. Student internships must be approved in advance by the director of the Mayborn Graduate Institute or supervising professor, if other than the director. Students who obtain internships without approval are subject to immediate drop. An internship requires work in a professional situation for a minimum of 40 hours a week for 10 weeks during the summer term, or a minimum of 20 hours a week for a fall or spring semester (15 week commitment). An on-the-job professional and the journalism internship coordinator (or a journalism faculty member) must supervise the work. The internship must involve the intern in work and activities that directly relate to his or her field of study. The supervising professional must complete a mid-term evaluation form and an end-of-semester evaluation form on the intern's work performance. Evaluation forms will be sent to the intern’s supervisor via email.  Reports The intern is expected to consult regularly with the internship coordinator and file typed biweekly written reports of the intern experience to the adviser. The biweekly reports may be faxed or sent via email. You may report in any form (outline, essay, diary, or bullets). Reports must include: What you have done What you have learned Comments on what you like or dislike about your internship Examples of work such as stories, news releases, ads, photos, media lists, etc. Email reports to the Gloria Blair, Graduate Student Coordinator, at gloria.blair@unt.edu. Students will complete an Internship Summary at the end of the semester. Site Visits The director of the Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism or faculty supervisor could make at least one site visit or at least one personal phone call to the intern's supervisor during the semester. If a site visit is necessary, the Graduate Student Coordinator will contact the student to set up a convenient date. Contact Information: Mayborn Graduate Internship Coordinator/Graduate Student Coordinator Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle, #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Phone: (940) 565-4564 Fax: (940) 369-8959 mayborngraduateinstitute@unt.edu Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 