 journalism   graduate assistantships Graduate Assistantships School of Journalism journalism   graduate assistantships Graduate Assistantships School of Journalism journalism   graduate assistantships Graduate Assistantships School of Journalism journalism   graduate assistantships Graduate Assistantships School of Journalism journalism   graduate assistantships Graduate Assistantships School of Journalism journalism   graduate assistantships Graduate Assistantships School of Journalism journalism   graduate assistantships Graduate Assistantships School of Journalism journalism   graduate assistantships Graduate Assistantships School of Journalism journalism   graduate assistantships Graduate Assistantships School of Journalism journalism   graduate assistantships Graduate Assistantships School of Journalism  Graduate Assistantships | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students Undergraduate GraduateConcentrations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media People Alumni About Us Graduate Concentrations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn Graduate Assistantships A limited number of graduate assistantships are awarded each school year by the Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism. Graduate students may apply for and be placed with faculty in teaching or research positions. Beginning with the Fall 2016 semester, MA students who hold 20 hours a week salaried positions will have the opportunity to be awarded a new Tuition Benefit Program. This new program will pay between three and six of nine credit hours of enrollment each long semester that a student fulfills the obligations of his/her assistantship. The graduate assistantship term of employment is semester to semester. A limited number of positions may be available in the summer. These are salaried positions that require an average of 20 hours a week with a faculty or staff member. For more information on assistantship resources and benefits, visit the Toulouse Graduate School website. All interested students must complete the Application for Graduate Assistantship form and return it to the graduate office. Letters of reference and the application should be addressed to the Director, Mayborn Graduate Institute. See address below. Or, they may be hand-delivered to the graduate office in General Academic Building (GAB) Room 207. Applications must be recieved by December 1 for spring consideration and July 1 for fall consideration. Positions are open until filled. Be sure to read the Graduate Assistant Handbook for complete details on positions available, qualifications, the hiring process, responsibilities and more. All candidates for graduate assistantships must also take an AP style/grammar, spelling, punctuation and word usage test to be considered for a position. See the handbook for more information. Contact Info Gloria Blair, Graduate Student Coordinator Mayborn School of Journalism 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Email: gloria.blair@unt.edu Phone: 940-565-4564 Fax: 940-369-8959 Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 