 journalism   graduate scholarships Graduate Scholarships School of Journalism journalism   graduate scholarships Graduate Scholarships School of Journalism journalism   graduate scholarships Graduate Scholarships School of Journalism journalism   graduate scholarships Graduate Scholarships School of Journalism journalism   graduate scholarships Graduate Scholarships School of Journalism journalism   graduate scholarships Graduate Scholarships School of Journalism journalism   graduate scholarships Graduate Scholarships School of Journalism journalism   graduate scholarships Graduate Scholarships School of Journalism journalism   graduate scholarships Graduate Scholarships School of Journalism journalism   graduate scholarships Graduate Scholarships School of Journalism  Graduate Scholarships | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students Undergraduate GraduateConcentrations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media People Alumni About Us Graduate Concentrations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn Graduate ScholarshipsGeneral Eligibility Eligibility includes graduate students who will be enrolled for 9 hours or more. Exception: students who are employed full-time and attend graduate school part-time. Students may apply for all scholarships for which they are eligible, but only one scholarship is awarded per person. Be aware that some scholarships include an essay with length requirements. Applying for scholarships does not guarantee receipt of one. Scholarship dollar amounts are awarded for the 2016-17 academic year. For example, a $1,000 scholarship will be given in two increments: $500 for fall 2016 and $500 for spring 2017. Click the button to download the application for all 2017-2018 graduate scholarships (unless otherwise noted): Apply Online Additional Resources UNT Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Journalism External Scholarship Opportunities Non-UNT Resources Other External Scholarship Opportunities William D. Richardson Scholarship Established to provide support for Journalism graduate students at UNT. Roy Busby Endowed Graduate Scholarship The Roy Busby Endowed Scholarship was established by the Mayborn School of Journalism to honor Dr. Roy Busby, Regents Professor of Journalism. Nicholas and Anna Ricco Ethics Scholarship Competition (Graduate) Nick and Anna Ricco, long-time UNT donors, created an ethics scholarship competition in 2011. It is open to all students in the 13 colleges and schools at the University of North Texas. Mayborn Graduate Scholarship The Frank W. Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism is pleased to award a number of $10,000 scholarships to qualified full-time Journalism graduate students each year. Students may apply twice, once in their first year and then again in the second year of study. This scholarship requires a separate application from the general scholarship application. Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 