 journalism   graduate master e2 80 99s exam Master s Exam School of Journalism journalism   graduate master e2 80 99s exam Master s Exam School of Journalism journalism   graduate master e2 80 99s exam Master s Exam School of Journalism journalism   graduate master e2 80 99s exam Master s Exam School of Journalism journalism   graduate master e2 80 99s exam Master s Exam School of Journalism journalism   graduate master e2 80 99s exam Master s Exam School of Journalism journalism   graduate master e2 80 99s exam Master s Exam School of Journalism journalism   graduate master e2 80 99s exam Master s Exam School of Journalism journalism   graduate master e2 80 99s exam Master s Exam School of Journalism journalism   graduate master e2 80 99s exam Master s Exam School of Journalism  Master’s Exam | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students Undergraduate GraduateConcentrations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media People Alumni About Us Graduate Concentrations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn Master’s Exam Journalism graduate students are required to pass a written comprehensive examination that covers their journalism coursework. The examination should be scheduled near the end of the student’s program and will only be approved upon completion of all core courses. The Mayborn Master's Exam, a comprehensive exam, is administered to graduate students during a scheduled for a week's time period each semester. The exam is offered in the fall (October), spring (February) and summer (June). Future exam dates are February 22-29, 2016 and June 13-20, 2016. Students are responsible for signing up for the exam in the Mayborn Graduate Institute office located at GAB 207 or by completing the form sent to them by the graduate student coordinator. The exam is offered online through Blackboard Learn. The exam offers 10 essay questions that cover the courses taken during a student’s graduate program. Each student will select three questions to answer. Grading is conducted by the faculty on the graduate committee in the Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism. The criteria include quality of research, depth of knowledge presented, and presentation of material. Prior to the exam, students receive guidelines to help them prepare for the test. Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 