 journalism   student media swoop SWOOP School of Journalism journalism   student media swoop SWOOP School of Journalism journalism   student media swoop SWOOP School of Journalism journalism   student media swoop SWOOP School of Journalism journalism   student media swoop SWOOP School of Journalism journalism   student media swoop SWOOP School of Journalism journalism   student media swoop SWOOP School of Journalism journalism   student media swoop SWOOP School of Journalism journalism   student media swoop SWOOP School of Journalism journalism   student media swoop SWOOP School of Journalism  SWOOP | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students Undergraduate Graduate Student MediaSWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People Alumni About Us Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn SWOOP Ad/PR agency fosters professional experience SWOOP, the student-managed advertising and public relations agency, is getting attention in a big way at the Mayborn School of Journalism. SWOOP works on real projects for real clients with real results. SWOOP is the vision of Dr. Sheri Broyles, Interim Chair of the Department of Strategic Communications in the J-School. Broyles, a former copywriter, started the agency in 2011 with the help of Senior Lecturer Bill Ford, who ran his own agency for 15 years in Dallas. Clients began lining up when word of the agency got out, starting with the UNT Admissions Office. SWOOP wrote, designed and produced the fall and spring Preview books for prospective students.  Clients, both on- and off-campus, can expect the same services as they would find in a professional agency. This hands-on training allows SWOOP alumni to step into agencies and be productive from Day One. SWOOP gives students the chance to interact with clients, build and execute campaigns as well as work together in a team environment. The agency offers brand consulting, copywriting, graphic design, social media, advertising campaigns and public relations services that cater to a client’s specific needs. SWOOPers, as they call themselves, meet with clients, set project deadlines and solve client problems in a fast-paced environment – just as they will do as professionals after graduation. They have the opportunity to learn various aspects of the industry while creating impressive results for their clients. Students can volunteer at SWOOP or intern for practicum credit. Everyone involved leaves SWOOP with a solid grasp of the industry – and an impressive line on his or her résumé. For more information, visit the SWOOP Agency website Contact: Bill Ford bill.ford@unt.edu  SWOOP Staff selected for Spring 2017 Christina Rodriguez, President & Art Direction Nicole Willis, Vice-President & Art/Print Production Anila Ademi, Art Direction Caroline Anderson, Public Relations Nathan Cooper, Account Planner Marc Frias, Public Relations Cristina Fuentes, Account Planner Ben Gerber, Copywriter Hannah Jelic, Account Executive Ashlyn LeVesque, Copywriter Evan McAlister, Account Planner & Social Media Mesha McDonald, Account Executive Mackenzie Monroe, Art Direction Braedon Montgomery, Social Media Amber Perez, Account Planner Imani Pinckney, Account Executive & Social Media Chase Silvers, Social Media Krystal Solomon, Public Relations Hannah Vilches, Copywriter Nick Webster, Account Executive Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 