 journalism   alumni Alumni School of Journalism journalism   alumni Alumni School of Journalism journalism   alumni Alumni School of Journalism journalism   alumni Alumni School of Journalism journalism   alumni Alumni School of Journalism journalism   alumni Alumni School of Journalism journalism   alumni Alumni School of Journalism journalism   alumni Alumni School of Journalism journalism   alumni Alumni School of Journalism journalism   alumni Alumni School of Journalism  Alumni | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students Undergraduate Graduate Student Media People AlumniAlumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us Among other honors, Mayborn School of Journalism alumni have won a total of 8 Pulitzer Prizes and the Cannes Grand Prix for Good. Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn AlumniAlumni are an important part of UNT's Mayborn School of Journalism.  Mayborn's alumni network is strong and contains alumni members around the world in a variety of fields.  One of the most important acts an alumni can make is to donate time, money or expertise. Through donations of time and money, you help maintain the department and the education of its students.  Monetary donations help better studios and learning spaces, contribute to scholarships for Mayborn's outstanding student body or fund other directives as deemed necessary by the board. By providing internships and a network of contacts, you give aspiring students and fellow alumni the chance to succeed and be part of one of the best journalism programs in the region.  Learn more by visiting our Support Mayborn page. Stay Connected We want to know where our alumni live and work. Tell us about you, your family and your favorite memory while at UNT.  Contact program manager James Dale at James.Dale@unt.edu. You can also stay connected through one of several Alumni Organizations. Additional Resources Order a Transcript UNT Career Center Mayborn Insider Newsletter Mayborn Stories in The North Texan UNT Traditions Emeritus College Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 