 journalism   alumni alumni profiles Alumni Profiles School of Journalism journalism   alumni alumni profiles Alumni Profiles School of Journalism journalism   alumni alumni profiles Alumni Profiles School of Journalism journalism   alumni alumni profiles Alumni Profiles School of Journalism journalism   alumni alumni profiles Alumni Profiles School of Journalism journalism   alumni alumni profiles Alumni Profiles School of Journalism journalism   alumni alumni profiles Alumni Profiles School of Journalism journalism   alumni alumni profiles Alumni Profiles School of Journalism journalism   alumni alumni profiles Alumni Profiles School of Journalism journalism   alumni alumni profiles Alumni Profiles School of Journalism  Alumni Profiles | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students Undergraduate Graduate Student Media People AlumniAlumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn Alumni Profiles Cynthia Izaguirre Cynthia Izaguirre (‘97), co-anchor of the 6 p.m. and 10 p.m. newscasts at WFAA-TV/Channel 8, says she feels a sense of pride in breaking a news story. Continue reading Christena Dowsett Inspired by her childhood trips to Kenya with her parents for an international nonprofit, Christena Dowsett has returned to Africa with Action Africa Help International in East Africa as a photojournalist. Continue reading Michael J. Mooney Blood-sucking vampires, international art thieves and lingerie-wearing football players have all been prey to Michael Mooney’s ('09 M.J.) fascination with obscure characters. Continue reading Cory Mageors Cory Mageors switched gears from radio to Web to TV during three internships last summer. Continue reading Trent Walters Trent Walters (’97 B.A.) started his advertising career working at The North Texas Daily. Now the UNT graduate is a brand manager at The Richards Group, the nation’s largest independent branding agency. Continue reading Craig Sirois Craig Sirois understood early on how an internship could lead to a job. Continue reading Tony Fay It’s nine days away from the Super Bowl, and Mayborn alumnus Tony Fay, vice president of Communications for the North Texas Super Bowl XLV Host Committee, is receiving last-minute questions. Continue reading Spike Johnson What do militia members, gypsies and fur suiters all have in common? They've all been captured by Spike Johnson's camera. Continue reading Tim MacMahon ESPN reporter Tim MacMahon’s advice to students is simple: “If you want to succeed in this business, get as much experience as possible.” Continue reading Angela De Leon Angela De Leon was only a few weeks into her public relations internship at the Grapevine-Colleyville school district last September when she got to see crisis management firsthand. Continue reading Nedal Ahmed Nedal Ahmed didn’t expect to receive the e-mail that announced she received a prestigious award from the American Advertising Federation that includes a trip to the Big Apple. Continue reading Stephen Masker Four years after Stephen Masker chose photojournalism as a career, he stood in a joint session of Congress, shooting pictures of some of the nation’s top lawmakers last summer. Continue reading Sarah Schram When it was time to roll out a holiday promotion for Omni Hotels & Resorts, Sarah Schram and her co-workers used their creativity to show their gratitude to hotel guests. Continue reading Ashton Phillips Ashton Phillips, a strategic communications Major at Mayborn, proves that blogging can get you noticed. In her case, on a national level. Continue reading Graham Douglas Graham Douglas, Chief Creative Officer at REX, explains how he’s helping save lives while feeling like a student at Hogwarts. Continue reading Sarah Perry Associate Editor only four years after earning a master’s degree? If you think that’s impossible, just ask Mayborn graduate Sarah Perry, who will tell you otherwise. A Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism graduate from 2008, Perry is now Associate Editor for Our State magazine in North Carolina. Continue reading Kellen Hill Kellen Hill experienced firsthand the inner workings of a newsroom last summer when he spent three weeks at a Tyler news station working on a package of stories about obesity. Continue reading The Dallas Morning News Many journalism students dream of working for a paper like The Dallas Morning News, but to have a fighting chance, you need to be prepared for anything. A Mayborn education makes sure you are. Continue reading Becky Dennis A sudden mystery illness couldn’t hold back this Mayborn graduate. Not only did she survive, she wrote a best seller. Continue reading Terry Box Cars have always piqued Terry Box’s interest. “I can't remember a time when I wasn't fascinated with cars,” the Dallas Morning News reporter says. Continue reading Agnes O’Hanlon “UNT's Mayborn School of Journalism taught me how to be creative both visually and in writing.” Continue reading Mike Whitehead When Mike Whitehead (’81) thinks about his days at the University of North Texas, he remembers a sense of belonging. Continue reading Chip Somodevilla From the nation's capital to earthquake-ravaged Haiti, multi-award winning photojournalist alumnus Chip Somodevilla ('95) has an eye for storytelling. Continue reading Pelpina Trip Pelpina Trip didn’t have to think twice when she received an offer to create and host her own webcasts. It was a natural fit for Trip who is passionate about covering new technologies, Internet trends and online tools. Continue reading Mike Mezeul Dirt, rocks and jagged debris swirl up, off the dusty ground and into the increasingly intense gusts of wind in Chickasha, Oklahoma. While most are scattering away from the forming tornado, Mike Mezeul calmly slings his black camera strap over his right shoulder and heads straight toward it. Continue reading Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 