 journalism   alumni alumni events Alumni Events School of Journalism journalism   alumni alumni events Alumni Events School of Journalism journalism   alumni alumni events Alumni Events School of Journalism journalism   alumni alumni events Alumni Events School of Journalism journalism   alumni alumni events Alumni Events School of Journalism journalism   alumni alumni events Alumni Events School of Journalism journalism   alumni alumni events Alumni Events School of Journalism journalism   alumni alumni events Alumni Events School of Journalism journalism   alumni alumni events Alumni Events School of Journalism journalism   alumni alumni events Alumni Events School of Journalism  Alumni Events | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students Undergraduate Graduate Student Media People AlumniAlumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn Alumni Events Homecoming UNT Journalism sponsors a tent each homecoming at Victory Plaza in the Mean Green Village. Students, faculty and alumni get together for food and fellowship before the gridiron battle. Information on the gathering is posted on this website early fall. Students-Alumni Meeting It has been tradition for journalism students and alumni to connect on campus in the spring. The event that originally brought them together was the C.E. Shuford Journalism Banquet, where students were presented awards and scholarships and alumni were recognized for their endeavors. That event is now Celebrate Mayborn. It is held each spring in mid-April. The Mayborn School of Journalism will continue to connect with alumni throughout the year and plan gatherings for students during the fall and spring semesters. Conference The Mayborn Literary Nonfiction Conference is held every July at the Hilton DFW Lakes Executive Conference Center in Grapevine, Texas. This event brings almost 20 authors together for a weekend to inspire participants in the craft and appreciation of narrative writing.  You can attend all or part of this event. Stay Connected We want to know where our alumni live and work. Tell us about you, your family, and your favorite memory while at UNT. Contact program manager James Dale. Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 