 journalism   about us support mayborn Support Mayborn School of Journalism journalism   about us support mayborn Support Mayborn School of Journalism journalism   about us support mayborn Support Mayborn School of Journalism journalism   about us support mayborn Support Mayborn School of Journalism journalism   about us support mayborn Support Mayborn School of Journalism journalism   about us support mayborn Support Mayborn School of Journalism journalism   about us support mayborn Support Mayborn School of Journalism journalism   about us support mayborn Support Mayborn School of Journalism journalism   about us support mayborn Support Mayborn School of Journalism journalism   about us support mayborn Support Mayborn School of Journalism  Support Mayborn | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students Undergraduate Graduate Student Media People AlumniAlumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn Support Mayborn It is only through the generosity of our alumni and friends that we are able to continue the stellar reputation of the journalism program at UNT. The Mayborn School of Journalism at UNT is funded partially by the State of Texas. The other portion comes from grants and gifts by government agencies, foundations, and individuals. Ways to Give Make a One-Time Gift Make a one-time gift to your alma mater or in honor of someone at UNT. Give Online Now or contact Mayborn dean Dorothy Bland for more details. Give to the C.E. Shuford Scholarship Fund Give to the C.E. Shuford Scholarship Fund. Your gift will go to a fund to support the tuition for several students each year. This fund was established in honor of C.E. “Pops” Shuford who founded the UNT journalism department, now the Mayborn School of Journalism, in 1945. He was a writer and professor. Contact the journalism office at 940-565-2205 for more details. Create an Endowment An endowed gift provides support in perpetuity through scholarships, fellowships, professorships and chairs. Contact Mayborn dean Dorothy Bland for more details. Support the Dean’s Excellence Fund The Dean’s Excellence Fund provides the opportunity to support the mission of the journalism school in such varied ways as travel, scholarships, publicity and outreach. Contact Mayborn dean Dorothy Bland for more details. Naming Opportunities There are many naming opportunities within the School of Journalism. Contact Mayborn dean Dorothy Bland for more details. Planned Gifts and Stocks Contact Mayborn dean Dorothy Bland for more details. Frank W. and Sue Mayborn During his life, Frank W. Mayborn promoted journalism excellence. His wife, Sue Mayborn, continues this tradition. UNT has been the beneficiary of these efforts. Read about our benefactors Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 