 journalism   about us about frank w and sue mayborn About Frank W and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism journalism   about us about frank w and sue mayborn About Frank W and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism journalism   about us about frank w and sue mayborn About Frank W and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism journalism   about us about frank w and sue mayborn About Frank W and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism journalism   about us about frank w and sue mayborn About Frank W and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism journalism   about us about frank w and sue mayborn About Frank W and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism journalism   about us about frank w and sue mayborn About Frank W and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism journalism   about us about frank w and sue mayborn About Frank W and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism journalism   about us about frank w and sue mayborn About Frank W and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism journalism   about us about frank w and sue mayborn About Frank W and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism  About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students Undergraduate Graduate Student Media People Alumni About UsAbout Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn About Frank W. and Sue MaybornIn 1999, the journalism graduate program was named the Frank W. Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism. Many graduate students have been awarded scholarships to attend the graduate institute  in hopes that they will give back to the community through the journalism profession in the way that Frank did. During his life, Frank W. Mayborn promoted journalism excellence. His wife, Sue Mayborn, continues this tradition. UNT has been the beneficiary of these efforts. Frank was the owner and publisher of the Temple Daily Telegram, Killeen Daily Herald & KCEN-TV until his death in 1987, after which Sue kept the presses & cameras rolling. Frank, with his brothers and father, bought the Telegram in 1929. At the time, the newspaper’s mission was “to make the Telegram the best newspaper ever published in a city of fewer than 20,000 people.” Frank added to the mission statement by promising “to operate a politically independent newspaper, placing the public welfare above the interest of any party.” Today, the Temple Daily Telegram serves a city of more than 60,000 residents and is available to a regional audience of 285,000. The paper has a daily circulation of 18,000 & a Sunday circulation of 22,000. The Telegram also prints and distributes the Fort Hood Sentinel, which is the army’s newspaper for Fort Hood, one of the largest U.S. Army bases in the world. In 1953, Frank purchased the Killeen Daily Herald, which is the oldest privately owned and continuously operated business in Killeen. The Killeen Daily Herald serves a city of more than 119,000 residents. The paper has a daily circulation of 20,000 and a Sunday circulation of 23,000. The newspaper also produces three weekly papers, the Fort Hood Herald, the Copperas Cove Herald and the Harker Heights Herald. The Temple Daily Telegram and the Killeen Daily Herald are two of only five individually owned newspapers above 10,000 circulation in the state. Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 