 journalism   about us studios and labs Studios and Labs School of Journalism journalism   about us studios and labs Studios and Labs School of Journalism journalism   about us studios and labs Studios and Labs School of Journalism journalism   about us studios and labs Studios and Labs School of Journalism journalism   about us studios and labs Studios and Labs School of Journalism journalism   about us studios and labs Studios and Labs School of Journalism journalism   about us studios and labs Studios and Labs School of Journalism journalism   about us studios and labs Studios and Labs School of Journalism journalism   about us studios and labs Studios and Labs School of Journalism journalism   about us studios and labs Studios and Labs School of Journalism  Studios and Labs | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students Undergraduate Graduate Student Media People Alumni About UsAbout Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn Studios and LabsThe Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism is committed to providing students with the latest technology required to succeed in the fast-paced journalism profession. These computer classrooms and facilities, all located in the General Academics Building (GAB), offer state-of-the-art technology and the most current software applications. Mayborn Computer Lab Rules & Policies   Mac Lab Location: General Academic Building (GAB) 305Phone: (940) 565-4637 The Mac Lab was founded and originally funded by long-time journalism professor Jim Rogers and is available for all Mayborn School of Journalism students. Located within the Mac Lab are current iMacs installed with specialized software relevant for print production, photojournalism, broadcast news, advertising, and public relations. Some titles include InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, Final Cut, Adobe Premiere, Audacity, iLife, iWork, and Photo Mechanic. Black & white as well as color printing are offered for class use only. Also available for use are scanners, headphones, Blu-ray burners, card readers, and other peripherals. The facility also houses four Dell Windows PCs for use on specialized assignments by broadcast students. Lab assistants are on hand to assist and answer questions about software applications. Broadcast News Lab Location: General Academic Building (GAB) 101 Used by broadcast news and online journalism courses and their associated audio and video editing labs. Students in this classroom shoot and edit video for internet and TV news broadcast programs on NTDaily TV and on the campus station Denton Community TV (DCTV), operated by the Mayborn School of Journalism. Students have access to current Windows computers equipped with audio and video editing software such as Adobe Premiere, Photoshop, Audiacity, and more. Digital cameras, camcorders and audio recording equipment are available for student checkout. Jack Tinsley Reporting Classroom & Lab Location: General Academic Building (GAB) 112 Lab hours are scheduled each semester based on courses offered. The reporting classroom is used for introductions to media writing, news editing and reporting practice classes and their associated writing labs. Students have access to current iMacs installed with relevant software. This facility is used to write and edit stories for class assignments and the UNT student newspaper, The North Texas Daily. This gives students a unique newsroom experience and the opportunity to excel in their journalism career at UNT. Visual Journalism Lab Location: General Academic Building (GAB) 111 Lab hours are scheduled each semester based on courses offered. The visual journalism lab/classroom is used primarily for multimedia storytelling, public relations courses and others. Students have access to current iMacs installed with software for photo/video editing and magazine layout. Some of these titles include Photoshop, Final Cut Pro, InDesign, Photo Mechanic, and Audacity. Digital cameras, camcorders, and other peripherals are also available for appropriate classes. Journalism Equipment Checkout Location: General Academic Building (GAB) 111-N Hours are scheduled each semester based on project need. Students taking approved classes may checkout necessary equipment for project use within this facility. This includes still cameras, camcorders, voice recorders, and other peripherals. Basic checkout periods are 3-hours and must be for class project use only. Instructors will assign appropriate equipment for checkout. Equipment Checkout Room Rules & Policies. Mac Lab Journalism Classroom Location: General Academic Building (GAB) 319 Classroom for introductory journalism courses such as Instruction in Software Applications Used Within the Journalism Profession, Writing for Broadcast News Media, Advanced Broadcast News Writing and Reporting, Online Journalism and Public Relations Writing. The classroom is equipped with current iMacs installed with software such as InDesign, Photoshop, Final Cut, iLife, iWork, Dreamweaver, and Microsoft Office. NTDaily Radio Location: General Academic Building (GAB) 101-C Lab used for news and specialty show production, and various approved live or pre-recorded interview programs. Available to all Journalism students through an application process for regular sports, features, interview and other news programming. For more information, visit http://ntdailyradio.com DCTV - NTDaily TV Studio Location: General Academic Building (GAB) 117 The TV studio is home of the Denton Community TV & NTDaily TV. Mostly used by Mayborn Broadcast Journalism students and City of Denton for television production. The studio is available for interested students and Denton residents. For more information, visit http://dentonctv.com Frank W. and Sue Mayborn During his life, Frank W. Mayborn promoted journalism excellence. His wife, Sue Mayborn, continues this tradition. UNT has been the beneficiary of these efforts. Read about our benefactors Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 