 journalism   about us mayborn alumni mentor network Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network School of Journalism journalism   about us mayborn alumni mentor network Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network School of Journalism journalism   about us mayborn alumni mentor network Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network School of Journalism journalism   about us mayborn alumni mentor network Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network School of Journalism journalism   about us mayborn alumni mentor network Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network School of Journalism journalism   about us mayborn alumni mentor network Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network School of Journalism journalism   about us mayborn alumni mentor network Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network School of Journalism journalism   about us mayborn alumni mentor network Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network School of Journalism journalism   about us mayborn alumni mentor network Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network School of Journalism journalism   about us mayborn alumni mentor network Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network School of Journalism  Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students Undergraduate Graduate Student Media People Alumni About UsAbout Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Click here to view the 2015 Alumni Mentor Pairings UNT Journalism Alumni: Want to help a student? Be a mentor! Q: Who will participate?A: Mentees will be undergraduate students with a passion for journalism, advertising and public relation and interests in a variety of media platforms. First preference will be given to students who are at least sophomores. Mentors are alums of UNT’s journalism program with at least three years of experience who want to share their wisdom with our students, and preferably are working in areas related to the student’s field of study. Q: How will it work?A: The project is coordinated by the Dean’s Office in collaboration with our outstanding faculty. advising team and staff. The dean’s office will receive the applications and negotiate the “match” between mentors and mentees. Applications will be available on the UNT journalism website and Facebook page. Q: If I want to be a mentor, what are the expectations?A: Mentors will be asked to interact with only one mentee once a month via email, telephone or Skype. You will indicate on your application what you can and/or are willing to do in your mentor role. All mentorship agreements will be finalized in writing (with a letter to each originating from the dean’s office) so both mentor and mentee can operate with clear guidelines. Mentors will be recognized on the UNT journalism website and in the annual report going forward. Q: How long will a mentorship last?A: Most will be about a year. Application for student seeking a mentor: Click here Application for UNT alum willing to be a mentor: Click here Please return form by email to Dorothy.Bland@unt.edu by Nov. 15. The first class of mentees and mentors will be notified by Jan. 15 of each year. Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 