 music   areas of study Divisions and Areas of Study College of Music music   areas of study Divisions and Areas of Study College of Music music   areas of study Divisions and Areas of Study College of Music music   areas of study Divisions and Areas of Study College of Music music   areas of study Divisions and Areas of Study College of Music music   areas of study Divisions and Areas of Study College of Music music   areas of study Divisions and Areas of Study College of Music music   areas of study Divisions and Areas of Study College of Music music   areas of study Divisions and Areas of Study College of Music music   areas of study Divisions and Areas of Study College of Music  Divisions and Areas of Study | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Academics & Ensembles » Academics & Ensembles Our Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of Study » Divisions and Areas of Study Division of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and Ensembles » Division of Conducting and Ensembles Choral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental Studies » Division of Instrumental Studies Brass » Brass Euphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion Strings » Strings Harp Orchestral Strings Woodwinds » Woodwinds Clarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard Studies » Division of Keyboard Studies Organ Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & Auditions » Admissions & Auditions Admissions Overview Admissions » Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition Repertoire » Audition Repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & Facilities » Events & Facilities Events Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community Programs » Community Programs Community Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician » Hire a Musician Common Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic Advising » Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future Students » Future Students Future Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current Students » Current Students Ensemble Auditions » Ensemble Auditions Band and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for Classes » Registering for Classes Schedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic Resources » Academic Resources Music Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Graduation Information Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & Friends » Alumni & Friends Alumni & Friends Overview How to Give » How to Give The Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Search form Search College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Music Main menu Home Academics & EnsemblesOur Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of StudyDivision of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and EnsemblesChoral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental StudiesBrassEuphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion StringsHarp Orchestral Strings WoodwindsClarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard StudiesOrgan Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & AuditionsAdmissions Overview AdmissionsUndergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition RepertoireUndergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & FacilitiesEvents Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community ProgramsCommunity Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician Academic AdvisingUndergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future StudentsFuture Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current StudentsEnsemble AuditionsBand and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for ClassesSchedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic ResourcesMusic Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Graduation Information Office of Disability Accommodation Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & StaffFaculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends Overview How to GiveThe Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Divisions and Areas of Study The College of Music is divided into eight divisions in order to accomplish the academic instruction and performance training in an efficient and comprehensive manner. The divisions in turn are divided into several areas, each focused on the needs of a particular instrument or academic discipline so that every student is assured of the highest level of depth and quality of instruction in their particular major. Division of Composition Studies The composition program at the University of North Texas is one of the largest and most diverse of its kind in the nation, with over 75 majors and seven composition faculty members representing a wide variety of compositional aesthetics and approaches. Read more about Division of Composition Studies. Division of Conducting and Ensembles The Division of Conducting & Ensembles consists of five areas: Choral Studies, Early Music Ensembles, Opera, Orchestral Studies, and Wind Studies. The division serves two functions: the education of conductors and the direction of a great number of large university ensembles and dozens of smaller groups involving over one thousand students in ensemble experiences widely recognized as among the finest in the nation. Read more about Division of Conducting and Ensembles. Choral Studies The University of North Texas has a distinguished seventy-five year history of preparing choral conductors and singers for the challenges of the professional singer/conductor/teacher. Members of the UNT Choral and Voice Studies Programs regularly perform with area opera companies and choruses such as the Dallas Opera, Fort Worth Opera, Dallas Symphony Chorus, Dallas Bach Society, Denton Bach Society, the Orchestra of New Spain, Orpheus Chamber Singers, and Schola Cantorum of Texas. Read more about Choral Studies. Early Music The Early Music program is a large and significant program at North Texas. The program consists of several performing ensembles that include the UNT Baroque Orchestra and the Collegium Singers, as well as many chamber ensembles such as viol consort, recorder consort, cornett and sackbut ensemble, “Morley Consort,” and mixed chamber ensembles of instruments and instruments and voices. Read more about Early Music. Opera The opera program in the College of Music at the University of North Texas strives to offer intensive training and diverse performing opportunities to students at both the undergraduate and graduate levels in an environment that is at once nurturing and challenging.  Read more about Opera. Orchestral Studies The Masters and Doctoral orchestral conducting program at the UNT College of Music is designed to prepare capable young conductors for professional and academic careers. Degree candidates work with Maestro Itkin in an intensive study environment that combines classroom study in technique, score study, interpretation, style, rehearsal technique, repertoire, programming, and public speaking, with extensive practical experience in front of various orchestral ensembles. Read more about Orchestral Studies. Wind Studies The graduate conducting program in the Wind Studies Area offers degrees at both the Masters and Doctoral level. The goal of the program is to develop conductors for professional careers in performance and education through intensive study of literature and pedagogy. The rigorous and varied curriculum prepares well-rounded conductors for successful professional careers. Read more about Wind Studies. Division of Instrumental Studies The Division of Instrumental Studies is one of the largest and most comprehensive instrumental faculties in the world, with 39 full-time Artist/Teacher faculty as well 13 adjunct faculty drawn from professional Dallas-Ft. Worth ensembles. Read more about Division of Instrumental Studies. Brass The brass area at the University of North Texas provides private instruction for the complete spectrum of the brass area with specialists-teachers in all brass instruments (trumpet, baroque trumpet, horn, natural horn, trombone, bass trombone, euphonium and tuba). The College of Music at the University of North Texas is unique in that there are full time faculty in all of these instruments. Read more about Brass. Percussion The University of North Texas Percussion area is a diverse and innovative program that has set high standards in percussion education and performance for decades. In addition to outstanding classical percussion offerings, the program boasts one of the finest jazz drum set programs in the country. Read more about Percussion. Strings The String Area of the College of Music is an integral part of one of the largest and most comprehensive music schools in the world. Read more about Strings. Woodwinds The UNT woodwind faculty consists of nationally and internationally recognized artists and teachers. BM, MM and DMA degrees are offered in flute, oboe, clarinet, bassoon, saxophone, and in multiple woodwinds (those who perform on all of the woodwind instruments).  Read more about Woodwinds. Division of Jazz Studies The University of North Texas opened the door for jazz studies at the college level in 1947 when it became first university in the nation to offer a degree program in jazz. Today, the North Texas jazz program, housed within the largest music school in the nation, retains its role as leader in jazz education. It has earned an international reputation for excellence in both the music education field and the professional jazz industry. Read more about Division of Jazz Studies. Instrumental Jazz Performance Instrumental Jazz Performance majors experience a wide variety of applied lessons, ensembles and labs. Courses include Jazz Fundamentals, Jazz Keyboard Fundamentals, Intro to Jazz Recordings, Jazz Improvisation and History of Jazz. Jazz Arranging UNT offers multiple opportunities for the student writer. There are many outstanding ensembles that enable the writer to hear his or her work immediately and get frequent recordings for greater study. There is also ample opportunity to build a professional recording portfolio via CD recordings by the One O'Clock and Two O'Clock Lab Bands, The UNT Jazz Singers, and the eclectic small group known as Zebras. All courses in jazz arranging include study and creative writing for both large and small ensembles.  Vocal Jazz Performance Vocal Jazz Performance students study and experience both the traditions and modern practices of vocal jazz performance (in both solo and ensemble settings), songwriting, vocal pedagogy, jazz aural and keyboard skills, jazz theory and arranging, as well as courses in jazz history. Sincers are involved in private applied lessons, small ensemble performing and recording experiences, recitals, vocal jazz forum and vocal jazz ensembles. Division of Keyboard Studies The Division of Keyboard Studies embraces four distinct areas: Piano, Organ, Harpsichord, and Collaborative Piano with specializations in either voice or instrumental collaboration. Performance Majors in this division are frequently active off campus in national and international competitions as well as in their pursuit of concert careers. Abundant opportunity for developing performance skills is provided by all faculty in the division. Read more about Division of Keyboard Studies. Division of Music Education The University of North Texas has one of the most highly acclaimed music education programs in the United States. Teaching is an exciting and fulfilling career choice for those interested in blending musicianship and teaching skills. Music educators enjoy the process of providing musical experiences that lead to a better understanding and appreciation of music. To be a music teacher, you must not only be an accomplished musician, but also be interested in the art of teaching. Read more about Division of Music Education. Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology The Division of Music History, Theory, and Ethnomusicology is a vibrant contributor to the College of Music. It maintains a full range of academic programs from the bachelor's to the doctorate. In fact, the Ph.D. program, celebrating a half-century of activity, was the first in the university. Today more than 60 students are enrolled in its graduate programs. As a hub of academic activity, it fosters a wide range of activities. Read more about Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology. Ethnomusicology The ethnomusicology area is dedicated to the proposition that all music cultures are worthy of academic study and research, which includes active participation in music making. Students are exposed to different musical systems and how they function in their cultural setting. Read more about Ethnomusicology. Music History The priorities of the musicology area reflect its place within a large, comprehensive school of music. Comprising six full-time and three part-time members, the music history faculty is actively engaged in musicological research notable for its breadth (both chronological and geographic) as well as its vitality and rigor.  Read more about Music History. Music Theory The graduate program in Music Theory at the University of North Texas provides advanced instruction in the diverse sub-disciplines of the profession and thus prepares students for a career as college or university theory professors.  Read more about Music Theory. Division of Vocal Studies The division of Vocal Studies has nine full-time faculty and eight graduate teaching fellows. There are over 75 students pursuing the Bachelor's, Master's and Doctor of Musical Arts degrees in voice performance. The division also serves over 100 music majors with voice as their concentration who are pursuing degrees in Music Education, Jazz Studies, Composition, etc. Secondary lessons are available for music majors with other concentrations, as well as other majors across campus. Faculty of the Division of Vocal Studies teach courses in Vocal Pedagogy, Diction, Vocal Literature, Collaborative Piano, and Class Voice. Read more about Division of Vocal Studies. Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2791 music.information@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 