 registrar   registration online degree audit Online Degree Audit Registrar registrar   registration online degree audit Online Degree Audit Registrar registrar   registration online degree audit Online Degree Audit Registrar registrar   registration online degree audit Online Degree Audit Registrar registrar   registration online degree audit Online Degree Audit Registrar registrar   registration online degree audit Online Degree Audit Registrar registrar   registration online degree audit Online Degree Audit Registrar registrar   registration online degree audit Online Degree Audit Registrar registrar   registration online degree audit Online Degree Audit Registrar registrar   registration online degree audit Online Degree Audit Registrar  Online Degree Audit | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us Home » Registration » Before » Online Degree AuditOnline Degree Audit The online degree audit is a great tool for helping undergraduate students stay on track for graduation and to prepare for advising appointments. For undecided students, the online degree audit allows users to run “what if” degree audits for all the majors across campus to help explore degree options.  View your audit here: Online Degree Audit Degree Audit System Status: At this time, there are no known/reported issues with the online degree audit. For questions or concerns, please email registrar@unt.edu. Academic Planner: The Academic Planner functionality is an additional piece in the degree audit suite of tools. The Academic Planner is a tool to help you construct an individualized 4 year plan to graduation. Please see the Quick Start Guide (Video coming soon!) for an overview. Please see the documentation for additional details. Additional Resources Frequently Asked Questions Instructions For more information, contact the Registrar's Information Counter by calling 940-565-2378 or visiting Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC) Room 147. Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building http://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 