s art   departments Departments Visual Arts Designs art   departments Departments Visual Arts Designs art   departments Departments Visual Arts Designs art   departments Departments Visual Arts Designs art   departments Departments Visual Arts Designs art   departments Departments Visual Arts Designs art   departments Departments Visual Arts Designs art   departments Departments Visual Arts Designs art   departments Departments Visual Arts Designs art   departments Departments Visual Arts Design  Departments | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD DepartmentsThe College of Visual Arts and Design (CVAD) at the University of North Texas (UNT) is one of the nation’s most comprehensive visual arts schools, offering 28 undergraduate and graduate degree programs and concentrations in areas ranging from Art History to Communication Design to Photography. Considered one of the best art schools in the nation and the Southwest, the arts program is also the largest among public universities in the Southern region. The college offers the first and only Ph.D. program in Art Education in Texas and is ranked in the top third of Master of Fine Arts programs nationally. Our program has many distinguished alumni, including Jesús Moroles, renowned granite sculptor and National Medal of Arts recipient; Heather Amuny- Dey, creative director of global Nike brand design; and Michael Faircloth, fashion designer for former first lady Laura Bush.  In addition, many of our faculty are internationally known artists and scholars. Academic programs are housed in 3 departments: Art Education and Art History, Design and Studio Art, with each department headed by a Departmental Chair. Individual programs are housed in each department, headed by a program coordinator. Program information along with faculty and department office contact information can be found on the department pages. Studio Art Ceramics Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Design Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies: Design Management Track Interior Design Art Education and Art History Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies: Open Track Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies: Arts Management Track   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 