 composition music   Division of Composition Studies composition music   Division of Composition Studies composition music   Division of Composition Studies composition music   Division of Composition Studies composition music   Division of Composition Studies composition music   Division of Composition Studies composition music   Division of Composition Studies composition music   Division of Composition Studies composition music   Division of Composition Studies composition music   Division of Composition Studies  Division of Composition Studies EUID: * Password: * Request new password Division of Composition Studies Home Calendar Faculty & Staff Admissions Students Alumni Archive CEMI About the Program The composition program at the University of North Texas is one of the largest and most diverse in the nation, with approximately 70 composition students and seven faculty members representing a variety of compositional aesthetics and approaches. Regular guest composer residencies, visiting new music specialists, and dozens of events each year provide students with a rich educational and artistic experience. An interdisciplinary center within UNT’s Division of Composition Studies, the Center for Experimental Music & Intermedia (CEMI) provides a unique environment for the exploration of time-based arts and is internationally renowned for its long history of innovation, particularly in the realm of electroacoustic music. Students, faculty, guests, and collaborators from a variety of disciplines engage in research, creation, and performance in CEMI’s six production studios and the Merrill Ellis Intermedia Theater. Music Now is the weekly composition departmental meeting, an open forum for the exchange of ideas and information about the creation, performance, and understanding of recent music. These forums, which are typically scheduled Mondays at 11:00-11:50 am, feature presentations by UNT faculty and students as well as visiting composers, scholars, and interpreters of new music. Nova is the new music ensemble of the University of North Texas. In keeping with its mission to present a diversity of musical, aesthetic, and cultural experiences, Nova’s repertoire ranges from 20th century classics to works that incorporate the latest musical innovations. Students in the ensemble have opportunities to work with faculty and guest composers and are occasionally joined by faculty and guest performers. Performances and workshops have included music by composition students as well. The Spectrum concert series features new solo and chamber works for instruments and voices, often utilizing new technologies and intermedia. These programs are presented throughout the fall and spring semesters, and are listed in the calendar section of this website. The Composers Forum is a student organization devoted to coordinating performances and bringing new works to public attention. The organization was formed to foster the spirit of collaboration between composers, performers, and artists of all kinds throughout the UNT community. The Initiative for Advanced Research in Technology and the Arts (iARTA) is an interdisciplinary research cluster represented by faculty from across a wide spectrum of the arts, engineering and sciences. iARTA activities include scholarship, creative research and technical development at the leading edges of emergent media practice; the resulting research areas are represented by diverse forms such as telematic performance, immersive installation, robotic sculpture, mobile networks, and art-science collaboration. The cluster also publishes the MOEBIUS Journal, which explores the intersection of theory and practice in electronic arts. 2016-17 Guest Artists Madeleine Shapiro, cellist 19 - 21 Sep 2016 Redi Llupa, pianist 12 Oct 2016 Roomful of Teeth, vocal ensemble 14 - 18 Oct 2016 Carrie Shaw, soprano 4 Nov 2016 Jesse Langen, guitarist 11 Nov 2016 Jon Magnussen, composer 11 Nov 2016 Roomful of Teeth, vocal ensemble 6 - 9 Mar 2017 Małgorzata Walentynowicz, pianist 22 Mar 2017 Harvey Sollberger, composer/conductor/flutist 29 - 31 Mar 2017 Lydian String Quartet 12 - 13 Apr 2017 Bruce Broughton, film composer 17 - 18 Apr 2017 Upcoming Events No events scheduled at this time; please check back later. Recent Division News Composition alumnus Jason Fick (PhD 2012) was recently appointed Assistant Professor and Director of Music Technology at Oregon State University (Corvallis, OR), beginning in the fall 2016. Jason previously served as Associate Professor of Audio Production at the Art Institute of Dallas. more Faculty composers Joseph Klein and Panayiotis Kokoras will have works performed at the New York City Electroacoustic Music Festival in June 2015. Other featured composers include UNT alumni Mikel Kuehn (BM 1989) and Yu-Chung Tseng (MM 1994; DMA 1998), and incoming doctoral composer Jinghong Zhang. more Glint for solo tenor trombone by alumna Lisa Bost-Sandberg (DMA in flute performance, 2014; related field in composition) won the 2016 American Trombone Workshop Composition Competition and was performed at the Workshop in Arlington, Virginia, on 12 March 2016. more Alumnus composer Sam Melnick was selected as winner in the Third Coast Trombone Retreat's first Call For Scores Competition. Fanfare for Many Cars Stuck in Way Too Much Traffic on a Two Lane Highway was premiered in Montague, Michigan on 21 June 2015 by the Anthony P. Hopkins Memorial Trombone Choir. more UNT alumnus Eli Fieldsteel (MM 2010) has accepted a one-year position as an Assistant Professor of Music Theory at Ball State University (Muncie, IN), where he will be teaching composition and music technology during the 2015-2016 academic year. more Faculty composer Joseph Klein has been named as one of two 2016-17 Faculty Fellows from the UNT Institute for the Advancement of the Arts. Klein will use his fellowship in the spring of 2017 to complete his large-scale modular chamber work, An Unaware Cosmos, to be premiered at UNT in January 2018. more Elizabeth McNutt performed at the National Flute Association Convention, including a work written for her by her mentor Harvey Sollberger. The Nova Ensemble, directed by Elizabeth McNutt, premiered Unset by faculty composer Andrew May, at Donald Judd's kilometer long masterpiece 15 untitled works in concrete at the Chinati Foundation in Marfa, TX on 1 August 2015. more David Stout has co-founded a working group at the Santa Fe Institute (SFI) with ecologist and complexity scientist, Dr. Jennifer Dunn. The Ecological Data Dramatization Art & Science working group will focus on the dramatization of ecological data sets integrating sonification, visualization and immersive staging. The project commences in March 2016 and will bring together the Santa Fe Institute and the Institute of American Indian Arts (IAIA) with the University of North Texas and the University of Denver. more Seven UNT-affiliated composers were selected to participate in the SEAMUS 2016 Conference at Georgia Southern University in Statesboro, GA, 11-13 February 2016: faculty composer Andrew May; student composer Timothy Harenda; and alumni composers Elainie Lillios, Chapman Welch, David Gedosh, more The premiere performance of May 29 - June 9 for string orchestra and string quintet by alumnus composer Daniel Sabzghabaei (BM 2014) was presented by the Youth Symphony Orchestra "Slobozhanskiy," commissioned and conducted by Eldred Marshall on 20 November 2015 in Kharkov, Ukraine at the Kharkov State Performance Hall. more Web design by Mark Sonnabaum. Last updated 10 January 2017. 