 journalism   Home School of Journalism journalism   Home School of Journalism journalism   Home School of Journalism journalism   Home School of Journalism journalism   Home School of Journalism journalism   Home School of Journalism journalism   Home School of Journalism journalism   Home School of Journalism journalism   Home School of Journalism journalism   Home School of Journalism  Home | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students Undergraduate Graduate Student Media People Alumni About Us Freedom of speech was the hot topic on February 16 during the "First Amendment: Under Siege?" event. Read about what panelists and students discussed during the event as well as all things Mayborn in the latest issue of Mayborn Insider.The 2016 Conference was a huge success. Plans are underway to make 2017 even better with "The Power of WORDS." Registration is now open. HomeExplore Our Degrees The Mayborn School of Journalism at the University of North Texas can help start you on the road to success, no matter where your future leads. We offer state-of-the-art technology in our studios and a wealth of opportunities for career advancement. Student Media Mayborn students gain a unique hands-on education in: writing ad layout broadcast editing & design digital that prepares them for success. See our student media Mayborn students gain a unique hands-on education in writing, ad layout, broadcast, editing & design, & digital that prepares them for success. See our student media Resources Student Organizations Studios & Labs Internships Scholarships Mayborn Insider Newsletter The North Texas Daily Read the latest stories at NTDaily.com. May 9, 2017 Project Fry Street May 4, 2017 The Dose: Purity Ring, Run the Jewels headline Fortress Festival May 4, 2017 Texas’ attempt to reform foster care system: privatization May 4, 2017 UNT is in need of more sexual assault education Read the North Texas Daily Upcoming Events See all of our events on our events calendar. May 11, 2017 Spring 2017 Undergraduate Commencement May 11, 2017 Honors College Medallion Ceremony May 12, 2017 College of Arts & Sciences 1 May 12, 2017 College of Arts & Sciences 2 See our events calendar Krystal Maestas Krystal Maestas is a Mayborn graduate student who has been to Africa four times, but her trip to Ghana this summer impacted her the most. “The people, the culture, the heart of Ghana are remarkable.” Full profile The Dallas Morning News Many journalism students dream of working for a paper like The Dallas Morning News, but to have a fighting chance, you need to be prepared for anything. A Mayborn education makes sure you are. Full profile Chuck Weatherall As the media technology manager, Chuck helps students and faculty utilize the latest digital media technology. Full profile   Our nationally acclaimed annual conference offers a forum for journalists, writers, readers, stu­dents, educators and the general public to listen to, be inspired by and practice their craft at the highest possible level. Learn more about the conference Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 