 organ music   Welcome to the  Organ Studio Organ College of Music organ music   Welcome to the  Organ Studio Organ College of Music organ music   Welcome to the  Organ Studio Organ College of Music organ music   Welcome to the  Organ Studio Organ College of Music organ music   Welcome to the  Organ Studio Organ College of Music organ music   Welcome to the  Organ Studio Organ College of Music organ music   Welcome to the  Organ Studio Organ College of Music organ music   Welcome to the  Organ Studio Organ College of Music organ music   Welcome to the  Organ Studio Organ College of Music organ music   Welcome to the  Organ Studio Organ College of Music  Welcome to the UNT Organ Studio | Organ | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Faculty Degrees Sacred Music Instruments Calendar News » News Recent News Recent Graduates Awards Scrapbook Resources & Forms College of Music Search form Search Organ | College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Organ | College of Music Main menu Home Faculty Degrees Sacred Music Instruments Calendar NewsRecent News Recent Graduates Awards Scrapbook Resources & Forms College of Music Welcome to the UNT Organ Studio Welcome to the University of North Texas Organ program's website.  We are one of the largest university organ programs in the southern United States, offering a rich diversity among our students, a collection of world-class concert organs, and a broad array of repertory preferences.  You are invited to peruse our page and to become familiar with our instruments and the various activities hosted by the organ department throughout the academic season. Faculty instructing courses supported by the organ program include Dr. Jesse Eschbach, Professor Paul Leenhouts, Professor Brad Bennight, Dr. Charles Brown, Dr. S. Andrew Lloyd and Teaching Fellow Hentus van Rooyen. We invite you to be a part of our program by attending public events throughout the year or by auditioning for one of our degree programs.  Please do contact me with any questions. Sincerely, Jesse EschbachJesse.Eschbach@unt.edu Visit Us Music Building 2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205 (940)565-2791 Mail Us University of North Texas 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-565-2791 Jesse.Eschbach@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on January 27, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on January 27, 2017 | Important Links 