 musiced music   Welcome to  Music Education Music Education College of Music musiced music   Welcome to  Music Education Music Education College of Music musiced music   Welcome to  Music Education Music Education College of Music musiced music   Welcome to  Music Education Music Education College of Music musiced music   Welcome to  Music Education Music Education College of Music musiced music   Welcome to  Music Education Music Education College of Music musiced music   Welcome to  Music Education Music Education College of Music musiced music   Welcome to  Music Education Music Education College of Music musiced music   Welcome to  Music Education Music Education College of Music musiced music   Welcome to  Music Education Music Education College of Music  Welcome to UNT Music Education! | Music Education | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Faculty » Faculty Faculty Recent Faculty Activity Lecture Series Student Information » Student Information Degree Programs » Degree Programs Undergraduate Program Master's Program Doctoral Program Post-Baccalaureate Teacher Certification International Opportunities » International Opportunities Overview Kodály in Context Orff in Context Previous Trips Support Study Abroad Student Teaching » Student Teaching Information Application Requirements Student Teaching Tips TExES Information General Timetable Student Teachers Scholarships » Scholarships Named Scholarships Graduate Assistantships Scholarship Awards Student Organizations Community Engagement » Community Engagement Denton New Horizons Senior Band Early Childhood Music » Early Childhood Music Home Philosophy and FAQs What Parents are Saying Calendar and Registration Contact and Parking Summer Schedule and Registration String Project » String Project Home News and Info Schedule Registration FAQ Contact Us Orchestra Summer Day Camp » Orchestra Summer Day Camp Home Schedule of Events Camp Details Registration Contact Us Start Up The Band Voice Squad Instrument Petting Zoo Recent Alumni News Contact Community Engagement » Denton New Horizons Senior Band Early Childhood Music String Project Orchestra Summer Day Camp Start Up The Band Voice Squad Instrument Petting Zoo Search form Search Music Education | College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Music Education Music Education | College of Music Main menu Home FacultyFaculty Recent Faculty Activity Lecture Series Student InformationDegree ProgramsUndergraduate Program Master's Program Doctoral Program Post-Baccalaureate Teacher Certification International OpportunitiesOverview Kodály in Context Orff in Context Previous Trips Support Study Abroad Student TeachingInformation Application Requirements Student Teaching Tips TExES Information General Timetable Student Teachers ScholarshipsNamed Scholarships Graduate Assistantships Scholarship Awards Student Organizations Community EngagementDenton New Horizons Senior Band Early Childhood MusicHome Philosophy and FAQs What Parents are Saying Calendar and Registration Contact and Parking Summer Schedule and Registration String ProjectHome News and Info Schedule Registration FAQ Contact Us Orchestra Summer Day CampHome Schedule of Events Camp Details Registration Contact Us Start Up The Band Voice Squad Instrument Petting Zoo Recent Alumni News Contact Welcome to UNT Music Education! Community Engagement Denton New Horizons Senior Band Early Childhood Music String Project Orchestra Summer Day Camp Start Up The Band Voice Squad Instrument Petting Zoo By choosing music education as your major, you will be prepared for a career as a professional music teacher. UNT's music education degree program leads to Texas teacher certification in all-level music, opening an array of employment options. Teaching is an exciting and fulfilling career choice for those interested in blending musicianship and teaching skills. Music educators enjoy the process of providing musical experiences that lead to a better understanding and appreciation of music. To be a music teacher, you must not only be an accomplished musician, but also be interested in the art of teaching. As a Texas certified music educator, you may teach instrumental or vocal music at the elementary or secondary level. With a bachelor's degree in music education from UNT, you could work as an elementary music specialist or as a middle school/high school band, choir, or orchestra director. The University of North Texas has one of the most highly acclaimed music education programs in the United States. For more information on degree plans, faculty, programs, student organizations, and our student teaching program, choose one of the links above. If you have any comments or suggestions, contact Dr. Debbie Rohwer at debbie.rohwer@unt.edu or contact the UNT College of Music. If you want to see what the Music Education department is up to, please visit our community engagement page on Facebook! Student Spotlight Graduate Student: Christina Svec"In the Division of Music Education, we have so many master pedagogues and researchers who are willing to sacrifice their time and share their knowledge. Working with them has had a tremendous influence in shaping who I am, who I will become, and how I will approach my future students. I look forward to carrying my UNT pedigree with pride and will always work to be the best reflection of my learning as possible."  Undergraduate Student: Aimee Cho"I really enjoy my life as a UNT student. I am in my fourth year and final semester as a String Music Education major. Each morning when I wake up to go student teach, I feel prepared for what lies ahead. I have found numerous valuable teaching opportunities each week at UNT through the UNT String Project, and I have met extremely supportive members of the faculty who have catapulted me out of my comfort zone and into vital teaching experiences in the classroom and the field. Peer teaching in my upper level classes was one of the hardest, yet most rewarding experiences in my undergraduate career. Feedback and critical evaluation from fellow pre-service teachers along with seasoned teachers is a powerful medium of learning. My degree here at UNT has allowed me to sharpen my teaching skills and realize my potential as a future music educator of Texas." Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Mail Us Music Education UNT College of Music 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3730 Jamel.Jackson@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 