 mhte music   Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music mhte music   Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music mhte music   Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music mhte music   Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music mhte music   Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music mhte music   Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music mhte music   Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music mhte music   Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music mhte music   Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music mhte music   Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music Music History Theory and Ethnomusicology College of Music  Music History, Theory, and Ethnomusicology | College of Music | Music History, Theory, and Ethnomusicology | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home News and Events » News and Events Division News Lecture Series People » People Faculty Current Students Alumni Music Theory » Music Theory About Area News Theory Faculty Accomplishments Theoria » Theoria About Advisory Board Article Index Call for Articles Contact Order Purchase Theoria For Incoming Freshman Theory Tutoring Teaching Fellow Applications Examinations » Examinations Core Theory Credit By Exam (CBE) Theory Proficiency Exam (TPE) Ph.D. Qualifying Exams Master's 2-Paper Option Music History » Music History About Area News Recent Faculty Publications BA in Music History Related Field in Music History Ethnomusicology » Ethnomusicology Related Field in Ethnomusicology Global Music Ensembles » Global Music Ensembles South Indian Cross-Cultural Ensemble UNT Chinese Ensemble Bwana Kumala Gamelan Brazilian Ensemble Afro-Cuban Ensemble African Ensemble Area News About Students » Students For Current Students » For Current Students Student Handbooks Forms Related Field Possibilities Study Abroad Thesis and Dissertation Guidlines Undergraduate Core Curriculumn Graduate Placement Exams For Prospective Students Organizations » Organizations Center for Schenkerian Studies » Center for Schenkerian Studies About Graduate Students Journal of Schenkerian Studies Editorial Board Issues Lost Composers Oppel Memorial Collection Projects GAMUT » GAMUT About Conference Constitution GAMuT Events Harmonia Membership Officers MHTE Undergraduate Club Contact Search form Search Music History, Theory, and Ethnomusicology | College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Department of Music History, Theory, and Ethnomusicology Music History, Theory, and Ethnomusicology | College of Music Main menu Home News and EventsDivision News Lecture Series PeopleFaculty Current Students Alumni Music TheoryAbout Area News Theory Faculty Accomplishments TheoriaAbout Advisory Board Article Index Call for Articles Contact Order Purchase Theoria For Incoming Freshman Theory Tutoring Teaching Fellow Applications ExaminationsCore Theory Credit By Exam (CBE) Theory Proficiency Exam (TPE) Ph.D. Qualifying Exams Master's 2-Paper Option Music HistoryAbout Area News Recent Faculty Publications BA in Music History Related Field in Music History EthnomusicologyAbout Area News Global Music EnsemblesAfrican Ensemble Afro-Cuban Ensemble Brazilian Ensemble Bwana Kumala Gamelan South Indian Cross-Cultural Ensemble UNT Chinese Ensemble Related Field in Ethnomusicology StudentsFor Current StudentsStudent Handbooks Forms Related Field Possibilities Study Abroad Thesis and Dissertation Guidlines Undergraduate Core Curriculumn Graduate Placement Exams For Prospective Students OrganizationsCenter for Schenkerian StudiesAbout Graduate Students Journal of Schenkerian Studies Editorial Board Issues Lost Composers Oppel Memorial Collection Projects GAMUTAbout Conference Constitution GAMuT Events Harmonia Membership Officers MHTE Undergraduate Club Contact Back row: Ellen Bakulina, Paul Dworak, April Prince, Vivek Virani, Rebecca Geoffroy-Schwinden, Samantha Inman Middle row: Cathy Ragland, Steven Friedson, Margaret Notley, Diego Cubero, Peter Mondelli, Stephen Slottow, Bernardo Illari, Timothy Jackson, Frank Heidlberger Front Row: Thomas Sovík, Justin Lavacek, David Bard-Schwarz, Benjamin Brand Not Pictured: Hendrik Schulze (on faculty leave) Welcome to the Division of Music History, Theory, and Ethnomusicology The Division of Music History, Theory, and Ethnomusicology is a vibrant contributor to the College of Music. MHTE maintains a full range of academic programs from the bachelor's to the doctorate. In fact, the Ph.D. program, celebrating more than a half-century of activity, was the first in the university. Today more than 70 students are enrolled in its graduate programs. The division offers the B.A. in Music with an emphasis in Music History; the B.M. in Music Theory, the Master of Arts in Music with concentrations in musicology, ethnomusicology, music theory, and musicology with an emphasis in early music performance; the Ph.D. in Music with concentrations in music theory, musicology, and ethnomusicology. As a hub of academic activity, the division fosters a wide range of projects and initiatives. Students are encouraged to take advantage of our faculty's vast expertise in historical musicology, theory, and ethnomusicology. Division faculty members have been recognized with significant awards for outstanding teaching, research, service and the promotion of diversity in teaching and across campus. Read More For additional information about our programs, please contact: Division Chair:Frank M. Heidlberger (Frank.Heidlberger@unt.edu) Area Coordinators:David Bard-Schwarz, Music Theory (David.Schwarz@unt.edu)Steven Friedson, Ethnomusicology (Steven.Friedson@unt.edu)Margaret Notley, Music History (Margaret.Notley@unt.edu)   Upcoming Events and Recent News UNT Chinese Ensemble ConcertFriday, April 28, 2017 - 8:00pmUNT Union, Lyceum Lecture Hall MHTE Honors DayWednesday, May 3, 2017 - 4:00pmRoom 258 Dr. Gene Cho RecognitionTuesday, February 21, 2017On behalf of his retirement last year, Music Theory Professor Dr. Gene Cho received a special recognition from the Provost of the University on February 21, 2017. In the picture: Josephine Cho, Frank Heidlberger (chair), Gene Cho. Photo: Jaymee Haefner Steve Reich Celebration: Gideon Alorwoyie & Mantra PercussionProfessor Gideon Alorwoyie has been invited to play in New York City for composer Steve Reich’s 80th birthday celebration. Reich travelled to Ghana to study with Gideon in 1970, and his piece Drumming was inspired by this experience. Prof. Alorwoyie was a child prodigy who became the first master drummer for the Ghana National Dance Company and he is the first African musician to receive tenure at an American university and the first one to become a full professor. The event will take place December 10, 2016, 7pm, at National Sawdust, 80 N 6th St, Brooklyn. For further details, you may visit this link: http://www.worldmusicinstitute.org/event/20a276a00d774346e1154cd712777c34 AMS/SMT Conference Faculty RecognitionAt the AMS/SMT conference in Vancouver Justin Lavacek received the Emerson Award for Outstanding Scholarly Work on Mozart in 2016, from the Mozart Society of America.  His article "Mozart's Harmonic Design in the Secco Recitatives" was published in Theoria 22 (2015). In addition, David Bard-Schwarz and Timothy Jackson were also recognized. David Lewin’s Morgengruß, co-edited by David Bard-Schwarz and Richard Cohn, received a Citation of Special Merit from the Society of Music Theory. The book From Bach to Brahms, to which Timothy Jackson contributed a chapter, won the Outstanding Multi-Authored Collection Award from the Society for Music Theory. Also at SMT Vancouver, Ellen Bakulina presented her paper Non-monotonality and Proto-Harmony in Rachmaninoff. Frank Heidlberger presented “What is the History of Music Theory?” – Dahlhaus’s Essay and its Relevance for the Current Understanding of the Discipline, as part of the paper session Carl Dahlhaus on the History of Music Theory. Approaches to a discipline in between Music Theory and Music History. Heidlberger also organized and chaired this session. more Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Mail Us Department of Music History, Theory, and Ethnomusicology UNT College of Music 1155 Union Circle, #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-369-8724 Sebastian.Zaberca@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 01, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 01, 2017 | Important Links 