 music   ensembles Ensembles College of Music music   ensembles Ensembles College of Music music   ensembles Ensembles College of Music music   ensembles Ensembles College of Music music   ensembles Ensembles College of Music music   ensembles Ensembles College of Music music   ensembles Ensembles College of Music music   ensembles Ensembles College of Music music   ensembles Ensembles College of Music music   ensembles Ensembles College of Music  Ensembles | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Academics & Ensembles » Academics & Ensembles Our Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of Study » Divisions and Areas of Study Division of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and Ensembles » Division of Conducting and Ensembles Choral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental Studies » Division of Instrumental Studies Brass » Brass Euphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion Strings » Strings Harp Orchestral Strings Woodwinds » Woodwinds Clarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard Studies » Division of Keyboard Studies Organ Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & Auditions » Admissions & Auditions Admissions Overview Admissions » Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition Repertoire » Audition Repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & Facilities » Events & Facilities Events Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community Programs » Community Programs Community Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician » Hire a Musician Common Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic Advising » Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future Students » Future Students Future Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current Students » Current Students Ensemble Auditions » Ensemble Auditions Band and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for Classes » Registering for Classes Schedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic Resources » Academic Resources Music Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Graduation Information Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & Friends » Alumni & Friends Alumni & Friends Overview How to Give » How to Give The Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Search form Search College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Music Main menu Home Academics & EnsemblesOur Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of StudyDivision of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and EnsemblesChoral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental StudiesBrassEuphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion StringsHarp Orchestral Strings WoodwindsClarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard StudiesOrgan Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & AuditionsAdmissions Overview AdmissionsUndergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition RepertoireUndergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & FacilitiesEvents Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community ProgramsCommunity Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician Academic AdvisingUndergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future StudentsFuture Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current StudentsEnsemble AuditionsBand and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for ClassesSchedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic ResourcesMusic Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Graduation Information Office of Disability Accommodation Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & StaffFaculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends Overview How to GiveThe Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Ensembles The ensemble program at the University of North Texas offers more than seventy ensembles, large and small, in which students may participate. While many represent traditional areas including orchestra, band, choir, opera and jazz, we are also proud of the large number of specialized ensembles not often supportable in smaller programs, including early music (vocal and instrumental), new music in both acoustic and electronic media, and such ethnic ensembles as mariachi, Balinese gamelan, African drumming and dancing, and other world music percussion groups. Among the national and international appearances by UNT ensembles are performances at New York’s Lincoln Center and the Morton H. Meyerson Center in Dallas, along with tours of Japan, Scandinavia, Poland, the Czech Republic, and Thailand. UNT ensembles have produced numerous recordings, several of which have been nominated for Grammy Awards. Our concert season consists of nearly 1000 events each year, including ensemble, chamber music, solo recitals, guest artists, master classes and lectures. Events take place primarily in the Murchison Performing Arts Center, Music Building and Main Auditorium. Learn more about our practice and performance facilities. Choral Ensembles A Cappella Choir The premier ensemble of the Universtity of North Texas choral program, the 52-voice A Cappella Choir, led by Dr. Allen Hightower, director of choral studies, is selected by competitive audition from among the more than 1,500 music majors within the College of Music. Read more about A Cappella Choir. Concert Choir The 75 voice Concert Choir serves the broader interests of our undergraduate population, particularly those anticipating a career in choral music education, through a wide ranging repertoire that is both accessible and challenging. The ensemble regularly partners with the area’s finest high school choirs and also joins the A Cappella Choir and Chamber Choir each year to perform major works with orchestra as the Grand Chorus. Grand Chorus The University of North Texas Grand Chorus, comprised of more than 150 singers drawn from the A Cappella Choir, Concert Choir and University Singers as well as other interested individuals, partners with the UNT Symphony Orchestra and Wind Symphony, as well as other regional orchestras, to present major oratorio repertoire. Read more about Grand Chorus. Men's Chorus The University of North Texas Men's Chorus is open to tenors and basses interested in singing challenging music in a variety of styles. Members come from diverse backgrounds, including both music majors and non-music majors. Read more about Men's Chorus. University Singers The 55-65 member University Singers, conducted by Dr. Richard Sparks, explores a wide variety of repertoire from a cappella to works with instrumental ensemble or orchestra. Read more about University Singers. Women's Chorus The University of North Texas Women's Chorus consists of 60 voices and is open to sopranos and altos interested in singing challenging music in a variety of styles. Singers come from diverse backgrounds, including both music majors and non-music majors. New Music Ensembles NOVA Nova is the new music ensemble of the University of North Texas. Repertoire includes classics of the modern era alongside music by younger and less familiar composers, giving students the opportunity to perform fresh and exciting contemporary works. Read more about NOVA. Early Music Ensembles Baroque Orchestra The University of North Texas Baroque Orchestra offers students one of the rare opportunities in North America to study and perform at a high level on period instruments. Students who are admitted into the orchestra are frequently given scholarships for study on period instruments. Read more about Baroque Orchestra. Collegium Singers The Collegium Singers is an ensemble of 18-24 singers who specialize in the performance of music from the 16th through the 18th centuries and which usually performs with the University of North Texas Baroque Orchestra. Read more about Collegium Singers. North Texas Baroque Ensemble The North Texas Baroque Ensemble is the name given to a select group of students and early music faculty who generally perform off campus. Read more about North Texas Baroque Ensemble. Jazz Ensembles Jazz Guitar Labs Coordinated by professor Fred Hamilton, these guitar ensembles provide guitarists with the unique opportunity to rehearse and perform in a section of five or more guitars. This helps students focus on reading skills, ensemble blend, group articulations, utilization of electric effects, comping and soloing. Read more about Jazz Guitar Labs. Jazz Repertory Ensemble The Jazz Repertory Ensemble is a learning and performing group dedicated to the collection, study, preservation, and recreation of classic music from the entire history of jazz. With over 500 compositions in its library, ranging from small combo charts to big band works, the ensemble exposes students and audiences to the rich tradition and inspiring work of many legendary performers and writers. Read more about Jazz Repertory Ensemble. Jazz Singers The University of North Texas Jazz Singers is the premier vocal jazz ensemble within the Division of Jazz Studies in the College of Music. Under the direction of Jennifer Barnes, Jazz Singers consists of twelve to fifteen vocalists and a four-piece rhythm section who perform a challenging and varied repertoire of jazz and jazz-influenced music, emphasizing close vocal harmonies, cutting-edge repertoire and improvisation. Read more about Jazz Singers. One O'Clock Lab Band The One O'Clock Lab Band is a large jazz ensemble, which includes five saxes, five trumpets, five trombones, guitar, piano, bass, drums and percussion players. The interim director of the One O'Clock Lab Band is Steve Wiest. Read more about One O'Clock Lab Band. Other Lab Bands In addition to the One, Two and Three O'Clock Bands, there are six other large jazz ensembles that are directed by teaching fellows. Each band includes five saxes, five trumpets, five trombones, guitar, piano, bass, drums and percussion players. Read more about Other Lab Bands. The U-Tubes Jazz Trombone Ensemble The U-Tubes consists of 6 tenors and 2 bass trombones with full rhythm section. The ensemble performs new arrangements and original compositions by UNT students and faculty as well as selections from the classic trombone-band literature. Read more about The U-Tubes Jazz Trombone Ensemble. Three O'Clock Lab Band The Three O'Clock Lab Band is directed by jazz faculty member Brad Leali. Two O'Clock Lab Band The Two O'Clock Lab Band is a large jazz ensemble, which includes five saxes, five trumpets, five trombones, guitar, piano, bass, drums and percussion players. Jay Saunders is the director. Read more about Two O'Clock Lab Band. Zebras Contemporary Repertory Ensemble The Zebras are a contemporary repertory ensemble formed to give keyboard players a special opportunity to work with electronic instruments. It is directed by Stefan Karlsson and student directors, and has toured extensively. Read more about Zebras Contemporary Repertory Ensemble. Percussion Ensembles Percussion Ensembles The University of North Texas Percussion Department hosts a variety of traditional and ethnic ensembles, including two UNT drumlines and unique groups such as the African, Afro-Cuban, Brazilian and South Indian Cross-Cultural ensembles. Visit the Percussion Ensembles website to learn more. Wind and Orchestral Ensembles Basketball Band The North Texas Basketball Band performs for thousands of spectators every spring semester. This group of students serves as ambassadors of spirit and tradition at all home and conference tournament games. In addition to their support of the UNT men’s and women’s basketball teams, the Basketball Band makes numerous appearances at various university functions. The group of 30 members is open to all students by competitive audition held each fall. Brass Band The University of North Texas Brass Band provides students with the unique opportunity to perform in one of the most widely known wind mediums throughout the world. Read more about Brass Band. Concert Band The University of North Texas Concert Band fosters the highest performance standards while offering its members an opportunity to expand their technical, intellectual, and musical horizons. Players are selected from the most talented musicians in the College of Music. Read more about Concert Band. Concert Orchestra The UNT Concert Orchestra is comprised of approximately 75 musicians drawn from highly selected students attending the College of Music. Under the direction of Dr. Clay Couturiaux, the orchestra offers its members the opportunity to develop and expand the highest standards of technical and musical playing. Visit the Concert Orchestra website. Green Brigade Marching Band The University of North Texas Green Brigade Marching Band enjoys a reputation for high quality musical and visual performances. The ensemble performs at a variety of athletic events throughout the year and is often the featured exhibition group at numerous marching festivals in the state of Texas. Read more about Green Brigade Marching Band. North Texas Wind Symphony Internationally acknowledged as one of the premier ensembles of its kind, the North Texas Wind Symphony is selected from the most outstanding musicians attending the College of Music. Read more about North Texas Wind Symphony. Symphonic Band The Symphonic Band has developed an exemplary national reputation for both their performances and recordings. Membership is drawn from the finest musicians attending the College of Music. The highest quality traditional, mixed with contemporary literature make up the foundation of musical repertoire performed by the group. Read more about Symphonic Band. Symphony Orchestra The University of North Texas Symphony Orchestra is an 80-member ensemble currently under the direction of Maestro David Itkin. Membership is drawn from the finest musicians attending the UNT College of Music. The orchestra was established in 1938 and has played concerts regularly for over 70 years. During this time the orchestra has had only seven regular conductors.  Visit the Symphony Orchestra website. University Band The University Band began in Fall 2015. Wind Ensemble The Wind Ensemble began in Fall 2015. Ethnomusicology Ensembles Chinese Ensemble Founded in January 2016, The UNT Chinese Ensemble is the first Chinese ensemble established at a Texas university. Directed by renowned pipa soloist and traditional Chinese music director, Yuxin Mei, the ensemble uses Chinese instruments and plays in the traditional "Silk Bamboo" style. The UNT Chinese Ensemble was invited to perform for the Society for Ethnomusicology Southern Plains Conference in 2016. As the Special Performance Guest, they will perform at the Asian Festival in San Antonio, 2017 and will give a performance at the Houston Traditional Chinese Music Spring Concert in May, 2017. In summer 2017, the UNT Chinese Ensemble will perform at the Muse Festival both in Los Angeles and Beijing (invited by the China Conservatory). Read more about Chinese Ensemble. Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2791 music.information@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 