 music   admissions graduate Graduate Admissions College of Music music   admissions graduate Graduate Admissions College of Music music   admissions graduate Graduate Admissions College of Music music   admissions graduate Graduate Admissions College of Music music   admissions graduate Graduate Admissions College of Music music   admissions graduate Graduate Admissions College of Music music   admissions graduate Graduate Admissions College of Music music   admissions graduate Graduate Admissions College of Music music   admissions graduate Graduate Admissions College of Music music   admissions graduate Graduate Admissions College of Music  Graduate Admissions | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Academics & Ensembles » Academics & Ensembles Our Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of Study » Divisions and Areas of Study Division of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and Ensembles » Division of Conducting and Ensembles Choral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental Studies » Division of Instrumental Studies Brass » Brass Euphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion Strings » Strings Harp Orchestral Strings Woodwinds » Woodwinds Clarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard Studies » Division of Keyboard Studies Organ Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & Auditions » Admissions & Auditions Admissions Overview Admissions » Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition Repertoire » Audition Repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & Facilities » Events & Facilities Events Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community Programs » Community Programs Community Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician » Hire a Musician Common Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic Advising » Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future Students » Future Students Future Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current Students » Current Students Ensemble Auditions » Ensemble Auditions Band and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for Classes » Registering for Classes Schedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic Resources » Academic Resources Music Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Graduation Information Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & Friends » Alumni & Friends Alumni & Friends Overview How to Give » How to Give The Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Search form Search College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Music Main menu Home Academics & EnsemblesOur Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of StudyDivision of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and EnsemblesChoral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental StudiesBrassEuphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion StringsHarp Orchestral Strings WoodwindsClarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard StudiesOrgan Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & AuditionsAdmissions Overview AdmissionsUndergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition RepertoireUndergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & FacilitiesEvents Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community ProgramsCommunity Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician Academic AdvisingUndergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future StudentsFuture Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current StudentsEnsemble AuditionsBand and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for ClassesSchedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic ResourcesMusic Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Graduation Information Office of Disability Accommodation Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & StaffFaculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends Overview How to GiveThe Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Graduate Admissions Step 1: Apply to the University of North Texas The applicant must apply for admission to the UNT Toulouse Graduate School. Applications must be completed online at www.tsgs.unt.edu. There is a fee for this application. The applicant will receive an email from UNT which includes an EUID and pin. This process can take several weeks. Follow the instructions in that email to activate your EUID, then proceed to step 2. Graduate applicants to UNT are evaluated holistically, based on specific departmental and program requirements.  In the past, successful candidates usually have met certain GPA minima: 3.00 GPA in the undergraduate degree for admission to the Master's program; Or 3.50 GPA in the undergraduate degree for direct admission to Doctoral programs; Or 3.50 GPA in Masters-level studies for admission to Doctoral programs Step 2: Apply to the UNT College of Music Complete the online College of Music application This is your application for music admission, audition, scholarship, fellowships and assistantships. See Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements. There is no fee for the College of Music application. For best results we recommend using Chrome, Firefox or Safari when completing your application. View a sample application. The online application will require you to submit names and email addresses of three people whom you wish to recommend you for music study at UNT.  FALL ADMISSION – To be considered for admission in the fall semester, preference will be given to applications received by the first Monday in December. Applications received after that date will be reviewed, and auditions will be scheduled on a case-by-case basis depending on space availability. ALL APPLICATIONS AND AUDITIONS, BOTH LIVE OR RECORDED, MUST BE COMPLETE ON OR BEFORE MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2017. SPRING ADMISSION – Acceptance of M.M. or D.M.A Performance applications is determined in mid-September of each year.  Email collegeofmusic@unt.edu to inquire if your instrument/voice will accept applications.  APPLICATIONS FOR SPRING ADMISSION MUST BE COMPLETE ON OR BEFORE TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 2016. M.A., M.M.Ed. and Ph.D. applicants need only complete steps 1 and 2. Step 3: Complete the audition Applicants for admission to the M.M. or D.M.A. degree programs in performance or GACMP must pass an admission audition before a faculty panel. Auditions are held on the dates specified on the application.  -Classical repertoire requirements -Jazz repertoire requirements and additional information Live auditions are preferred. If you are unable to audition in person, follow the directions on the College of Music application to electronically submit a high quality recorded video audition by using youtube.com, vimeo.com, or similar web service.  If these websites are unavailable to you, try using www.tudou.com. Applicants for admission to the M.M. and D.M.A. degree programs in conducting must submit the College of Music application and preliminary audition video by the first Monday in December. Qualified applicants will be invited to campus for a live audition and interview. For information regarding acceptance to the conducting program, please see the degree-specific admission requirements.  Fellowships and Assistantships The UNT College of Music application also serves as your application for fellowships and assistantships. Teaching fellowships and assistantships are awarded each spring for the following academic year to qualified applicants. Preference for fellowship and assistantship awards will be given to those who audition no later than the Monday following the last on-campus audition day. Scholarship Application The UNT College of Music application also serves as your scholarship application. Announcement of awards will begin on the first Monday in April. The National Association of Schools of Music Code of Ethics Article V. requires that the acceptance of financial aid or the signing of a declaration of intent to attend a given institution shall not be binding if signed before April 15, of the calendar year of matriculation into a program of study at the graduate level. Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2791 music.information@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 