 music   admissions undergraduate repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire College of Music music   admissions undergraduate repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire College of Music music   admissions undergraduate repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire College of Music music   admissions undergraduate repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire College of Music music   admissions undergraduate repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire College of Music music   admissions undergraduate repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire College of Music music   admissions undergraduate repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire College of Music music   admissions undergraduate repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire College of Music music   admissions undergraduate repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire College of Music music   admissions undergraduate repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire College of Music  Undergraduate Audition Repertoire | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Academics & Ensembles » Academics & Ensembles Our Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of Study » Divisions and Areas of Study Division of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and Ensembles » Division of Conducting and Ensembles Choral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental Studies » Division of Instrumental Studies Brass » Brass Euphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion Strings » Strings Harp Orchestral Strings Woodwinds » Woodwinds Clarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard Studies » Division of Keyboard Studies Organ Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & Auditions » Admissions & Auditions Admissions Overview Admissions » Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition Repertoire » Audition Repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & Facilities » Events & Facilities Events Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community Programs » Community Programs Community Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician » Hire a Musician Common Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic Advising » Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future Students » Future Students Future Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current Students » Current Students Ensemble Auditions » Ensemble Auditions Band and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for Classes » Registering for Classes Schedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic Resources » Academic Resources Music Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Graduation Information Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & Friends » Alumni & Friends Alumni & Friends Overview How to Give » How to Give The Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Search form Search College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Music Main menu Home Academics & EnsemblesOur Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of StudyDivision of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and EnsemblesChoral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental StudiesBrassEuphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion StringsHarp Orchestral Strings WoodwindsClarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard StudiesOrgan Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & AuditionsAdmissions Overview AdmissionsUndergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition RepertoireUndergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & FacilitiesEvents Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community ProgramsCommunity Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician Academic AdvisingUndergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future StudentsFuture Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current StudentsEnsemble AuditionsBand and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for ClassesSchedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic ResourcesMusic Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Graduation Information Office of Disability Accommodation Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & StaffFaculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends Overview How to GiveThe Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Undergraduate Audition Repertoire This page lists audition repertoire requirements for all undergraduate majors: Performance General, Choral and Instrumental Music Education leading to teaching certification Composition* Music Theory Music History Bachelor of Arts Jazz Studies** * In addition, transfer students in composition must submit several representative manuscript compositions. Material will not be returned. See composition.music.unt.edu for details. ** See jazz.unt.edu/admission-auditions for details. PLEASE NOTE: Sight reading will be a part of each audition. Find your instrument/voice in the list below to see your undergraduate audition repertoire requirements: Bassoon Weber - Concerto in F Major; any Vivaldi concerto; Hindemith - Sonata; Telemann - Sonata in F minor. All major and minor scales. Please note that the works listed are only suggested pieces; any standard work of comparable quality is acceptable. There is no memory requirement. The instrumentalist should prepare 10-15 minutes of music. Cello First movement of a standard concerto (Dvorak, Schumann, Tchaikovsky, etc.), and a movement of a solo Bach suite. Please note that the works listed are only suggested pieces; any standard work of comparable quality is acceptable. There is no memory requirement. The instrumentalist should prepare 10-15 minutes of music. Clarinet Weber - Concerto No. 1 mvt. I or III; Mozart - Concerto mvts. I and II or mvts. II and III, Osborne - Rhapsody; Jacob – Five Pieces. All major and minor scales. Please note that the works listed are only suggested pieces; any standard work of comparable quality is acceptable. There is no memory requirement. The instrumentalist should prepare 10-15 minutes of music. Double Bass First movement from any of the standard double bass concertos or equivalent single-movement works, e.g., Bottesini, Dragonetti, Dittersdorf, Koussevitzky, etc., and two standard orchestral excerpts. Please note that the works listed are only suggested pieces; any standard work of comparable quality is acceptable. There is no memory requirement. The instrumentalist should prepare 10-15 minutes of music. Euphonium Concentration (Education, Theory, Composition, B.A. majors): Galliard - Sonata No.1; Hutchinson - Sonatina; Rochut - Melodious Etudes (any etude in book 1); Any solo from the performance major list below; all major scales. Please note that the works listed are only suggested pieces. Standard works of comparable quality may be substituted with prior approval of the euphonium faculty. Performance Major: (required to choose one solo from this list and the Arban’s study. There is no memory requirement.) Guilmant – Morceau Symphonique; Barat – Andante et Allegro; Capuzzi/Catelinet – Andante and Rondo; Bellstedt – Napoli; Pryor – Blue Bells of Scotland; Arban – Characteristic Study No. 1. Flute J. S. Bach - any sonata; Poulenc - Sonata; Hindemith - Sonata; Mozart - Concerto in G or D; Griffes - Poem; any Paris Conservatory piece. All major and minor scales. Please note that the works listed are only suggested pieces; any standard work of comparable quality is acceptable. There is no memory requirement. The instrumentalist should prepare 10-15 minutes of music. Classical Guitar All auditions must be performed on a nylon string classical guitar. Concentration: Selections from the first ten Sor studies, Segovia edition, or pieces of equal difficulty. All repertoire is to be played from memory. Major: Milan - Pavanas; Tarrega - Preludes; Ponce - Preludes; Bach - selected mvt. from lute or cello suites; Sor - Studies 1-20. Please note that the works listed are only suggested pieces; any standard work of comparable quality is acceptable. The instrumentalist should prepare 10-15 minutes of music and all repertoire should be played from memory. Harp A solo performed from memory, showing technical proficiency and musicianship. The solo should display a minimum difficulty level represented by the suggested repertoire (Solos of a higher difficulty level may be substituted.): Impromptu Caprice (Pierné), Chanson dans la nuit (Salzedo), Féerie, Vers la source dans le bois, or Etude de concert (Tournier), Any Naderman Sonata, Sarabanda e Toccata (Nino Rota), Concerto in Bb, mvt. 1 (Handel, any transcription), any of the Six Sonatinas, (Dussek), Absidioles (Andres), La Source (Hasselmans), Variations on a Theme of Mozart (Glinka), Sonata (Parry) A second solo of your choice. The work should be from a contrasting style and period, compared to the first solo. One cadenza from an orchestral work such as: Waltz of the Flowers or Swan Lake (Tchaikovsky), Young Person’s Guide to the Orchestra (Britten), or Capriccio Espagnol (Rimsky-Korsakov). Harpsichord Performance of works from the standard repertoire: Bach inventions, Scarlatti sonatas, Couperin, etc. Students with little or no harpsichord experience will be considered for major if there are equivalent skills on organ or piano. Horn Concentration (Education, Theory, Composition, B.A. majors): Mozart - any concerto in Eb (K. 417, 447, 495 – 1 st mvt.; R. Strauss - Concerto, Op. 11 (one mvt.). Please note that the works listed are only suggested pieces; Standard works of comparable quality may be substituted with prior approval of the horn faculty. Performance Major: The works below are to be performed without piano for acceptance to the College of Music and prior to enrollment. The same work or another from the list (etudes excepted) must be performed with piano at the first semester jury. First movement of a Mozart Concerto in Eb (K. 417, 447, or 495) R. Strauss Concerto No. 1, Op. 11 or a work of equivalent/greater difficulty (including etudes) Oboe One slow and one fast etude from the collection of 48 Etudes, Op. 31 by W. Fehrling, and two contrasting movements of major repertoire, in addition to major and minor scales. There is no memory requirement. The instrumentalist should prepare 10-15 minutes of music. Organ Performance of organ music from the standard repertoire (Bach, Buxtehude, Brahms, Franck, Reger, Vierne, Dupre, Langlais, etc.) of approximately twenty minutes in length. Memorization is not required. Applicants will be asked to perform one hymn of their choice at the beginning of the audition. An improvised or otherwise creative introduction is at the discretion of the applicant. Sight reading material to be specified by the jury. Students should present repertoire list of all works studied in high school. Percussion See percussion.music.unt.edu/auditions for details. Piano The three categories of piano study are Performance, Pedagogy, and Concentration. For acceptance as a Piano Performance Major a live audition is required. All selections must be memorized. A screening recording is required for piano performance applicants. Download screening recording information. All candidates should prepare as a minimum level: 1) Prelude and Fugue of Bach OR a complete Partita, Toccata or Suite of Bach, from which the faculty will select a few movements; 2) COMPLETE classical sonata (Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven) from which the faculty will select a movement; 3) Third piece in contrasting style. Candidates for Piano Performance, emphasis in Pedagogy should prepare: 1) Prelude and Fugue of Bach; 2) One movement of a Classical Sonata (Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven); 3) Third work in contrasting style. A screening recording is required for piano performance applicants. Download screening recording information. All selections must be memorized. For Piano Concentration a live audition is preferred. All recorded auditions must be video (see College of Music application for details). The concentration audition must include a Prelude and Fugue of Bach, one sonata movement of medium difficulty, and another contrasting piece which is to be played by memory. (First two selections may be played from score.) Saxophone Boutry - Divertimento; Orrego - Salas - Quattro Liriche; Muczynski - Concerto; Ibert - Concertino da Camera. Recorded auditions submitted for saxophone must be video. Please note that the works listed are only suggested pieces; any standard work of comparable quality is acceptable. There is no memory requirement. The instrumentalist should prepare 10-15 minutes of music. Trombone (Bass) Concentration (Education, Jazz, Theory, Composition, B.A. majors): (required to choose one solo from this list.) Jacob - Cameos (any 3 mvts.); Lebedev – Concerto in One Movement, Telemann Sonata in f minor (1st & 2nd mvts.). Substitutions are subject to prior approval by the trombone faculty. Pre-recorded music on CD may be used for accompaniment. Performance Major: (required to choose one solo from this list. There is no memory requirement.) Koetsier – Allegro Maestoso; Kazik Gangbusters; Sachse – Konzert. Trombone (Tenor) Concentration (Education, Jazz, Theory, Composition, B.A. majors): (required to choose one solo from this list) Saint-Saens Cavatine; David - Concertino (mvts. 1 & 2); Larsson - Concertino (mvts.1 & 2). Substitutions are subject to prior approval by the trombone faculty. Pre-recorded music on CD may be used for accompaniment. Performance Major: (required to choose one solo from this list. There is no memory requirement.) David - Concertino (mvts. 1 & 2); Larsson - Concertino (mvts. 1 & 2); Serocki Sonatina. Trumpet Concentration (Education, Jazz, Theory, Composition, and BA majors): Sight reading. Major scales (including chromatic). Choose one solo from this list. No memory requirement. Arutunian - Concerto; Hummel - Concerto (1st Movement); Haydn - Concerto (1st movement); Goedicke - Concert Etude; Ropartz - Andante et Allegro; Kennan - Sonata (1st Movement); Halsey Stevens - Sonata (1st Movement), Ewazen - Sonata (1st Movement); Brandt - Concertpiece (either one). Performance Major: Sight reading and transposition. Major Scales (including chromatic) Etude: Bosquet - Etude 11, Brandt - Etude 2, or Sigmund Herring - Etude 36 Solo: Choose one solo from this list. No memory requirement. Arutunian - Concerto; Hummel - Concerto (1st Movement); Haydn - Concerto (1st movement); Goedicke - Concert Etude; Ropartz - Andante et Allegro; Kennan - Sonata (1st Movement); Halsey Stevens - Sonata (1st Movement), Ewazen - Sonata (1st Movement); Brandt - Concertpiece (either one). Tuba Concentration (Education, Theory, Composition, and B.A. majors): Select one solo from the following: Barat - Introduction and Dance; Capuzzi/Catelinet - Andante and Rondo; Gregson ­- Concerto (1st movement); Hindemith ­- Sonata (any two movements); Marcello/Little - Sonata No. I or No. V. A standard solo work of comparable quality may be substituted with prior approval of the tuba faculty (email: donald.little@unt.edu). Performance Major: (select one solo and prepare all orchestra excerpts): Hindemith ­- Sonata (any two movements); Lebedev ­- Concerto in One Movement; Gregson ­- Concerto (1st movement). Orchestral excerpts from: Mahler - Symphony No 1; Prokofiev ­ Symphony No. 5; Wagner ­ Die Meistersinger. (for questions about excerpts email: donald.little@unt.edu) Viola A movement from a standard viola concerto and a pair of movements from a Bach solo suite. Please note that the works listed are only suggested pieces; any standard work of comparable quality is acceptable. There is no memory requirement. The instrumentalist should prepare 10-15 minutes of music. Violin Performance:1. Bach Violin Sonatas and Partitas (BWV 1001-1006): two contrasting movements from the same sonata or partita or Chaconne2. 1st or 3rd movement from a Romantic or Post-Romantic concerto (written after 1800)   Either Bach or the movement of a concerto must be memorized.  Concentration (Education, Theory, Composition, and B.A.):1. One or two movements from Bach Violin Sonatas and Partitas (BWV 1001-1006)2. One movement of a concerto (or a concert piece) showing technical capacity above 3rd and 4th positions. (Exclusions: "Meditation" from Thais, or any similar slow pieces.)3. One major and one minor scale (excluding G and A) in 3 octaves to be performed in sixteen notes, 8 or 12 notes per bow, quarter note = 80 or faster) All pieces to be performed without an accompaniment (for all new and current UNT students) Voice Applicants for Classical Voice Major or Concentration should have two memorized selections prepared for the audition (art song or aria). The applicant may bring an accompanist, or one will be provided by UNT. Length of audition is 5-8 minutes. A screening recording is required for all voice applicants. Download screening recording information. Jazz voice applicants see http://jazz.unt.edu/auditions-jazz-voice. Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2791 music.information@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 