 music   admissions graduate repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire College of Music music   admissions graduate repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire College of Music music   admissions graduate repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire College of Music music   admissions graduate repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire College of Music music   admissions graduate repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire College of Music music   admissions graduate repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire College of Music music   admissions graduate repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire College of Music music   admissions graduate repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire College of Music music   admissions graduate repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire College of Music music   admissions graduate repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire College of Music  Graduate Audition Repertoire | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Academics & Ensembles » Academics & Ensembles Our Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of Study » Divisions and Areas of Study Division of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and Ensembles » Division of Conducting and Ensembles Choral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental Studies » Division of Instrumental Studies Brass » Brass Euphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion Strings » Strings Harp Orchestral Strings Woodwinds » Woodwinds Clarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard Studies » Division of Keyboard Studies Organ Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & Auditions » Admissions & Auditions Admissions Overview Admissions » Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition Repertoire » Audition Repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & Facilities » Events & Facilities Events Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community Programs » Community Programs Community Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician » Hire a Musician Common Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic Advising » Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future Students » Future Students Future Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current Students » Current Students Ensemble Auditions » Ensemble Auditions Band and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for Classes » Registering for Classes Schedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic Resources » Academic Resources Music Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Graduation Information Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & Friends » Alumni & Friends Alumni & Friends Overview How to Give » How to Give The Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Search form Search College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Music Main menu Home Academics & EnsemblesOur Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of StudyDivision of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and EnsemblesChoral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental StudiesBrassEuphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion StringsHarp Orchestral Strings WoodwindsClarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard StudiesOrgan Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & AuditionsAdmissions Overview AdmissionsUndergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition RepertoireUndergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & FacilitiesEvents Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community ProgramsCommunity Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician Academic AdvisingUndergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future StudentsFuture Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current StudentsEnsemble AuditionsBand and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for ClassesSchedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic ResourcesMusic Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Graduation Information Office of Disability Accommodation Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & StaffFaculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends Overview How to GiveThe Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Graduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Auditions: Principal Instrument/Voice for Applied Majors and Concentrations In addition to the admission requirements to the Toulouse Graduate School, all students must qualify by audition for acceptance into graduate performance programs in the College of Music. Both on-campus auditions and off-campus auditions are scheduled each year. A live audition is recommended for entering graduate performance students. Admission via video recording is accepted. In all classical auditions, an emphasis is placed on musicianship, technical proficiency, tonal beauty and potential growth and development of the student. All jazz auditions place an emphasis on "time feel," style, technical proficiency, tone production, musicianship and the potential growth of the student. Find your instrument/voice in the list below to see your graduate audition repertoire requirements: Bassoon Master's Level: (A bachelor's degree recital program performed at UNT may serve as an audition for the MM in performance if approved by the major professor and two members of the woodwind faculty.)  Single Instrument Major: The MM audition is 15 minutes in length and includes significant repertoire in contrasting styles. There is no memorization requirement. Multiple Instrument Major: The audition for the multiple woodwinds degree includes the performance of a representative work on each of two auxiliary woodwind instruments (chosen by the student), as well as a major work on the principle instrument. The required level of proficiency for the principle (major) instrument is the same as for the single instrument major. The audition length is approximately 15 minutes. Doctoral Level: (A master's degree recital performed at UNT may serve as an audition for the DMA in performance if approved by the major professor and two members of the woodwind faculty.) The results of the audition will be filed in the Office of Graduate Studies in the Music Office by the Coordinator of Woodwind Instruction, using the form "Petition for Acceptance and Continuance in the Major Field of Study."   Single Instrument Major: The DMA audition is 30 minutes in length and includes significant repertoire in contrasting styles and periods. There is no memorization requirement. Multiple Instrument Major: The audition for the multiple woodwinds degree includes the performance of a representative work on each of two auxiliary woodwind instruments (chosen by the student) as well as a major work on the principal (major) instrument. The required level of proficiency for the principal instrument is the same as for the single instrument major listed above. The remainder of the program will include significant repertoire in contrasting styles on the major instrument, for a total program length of 30 minutes. There is no memorization requirement. Suggested repertoire: The following repertoire is acceptable as audition material. Other works of equal significance may be substituted. Bassoon: Mozart, Concerto in Bb K. 191; Saint-Saens, Sonata; Etler, Sonata; Mignone, Waltzes; Standard excerpts such as Stravinsky, Rite of Spring; Tchaikowski, Symphony No. 4, 5 or 6; Beethoven Symphonies, Mozart, Marriage of Figaro Overture, etc. Cello Master's Level: A recital of approximately 30 minutes duration is required. Single movements of works may be played. Three contrasting styles of music should be represented. Suggested Repertoire: Any Bach or Reger Suite, several movements; any movement of a concerto, such as: Haydn, D major; Schumann; Dvorak; Barber; Bloch, Schelomo; Tchaikowsky, Rococo Variations; or equivalent. Virtuoso pieces such as: Dvorak, Rondo op. 94; Bruch, kol Nidre; Hindemith, Capriccio, etc. Doctoral Level: One full recital demonstrating different styles. An unaccompanied work or movement of your choice should be included and a portion of the program should be memorized. Clarinet Master's Level: (A bachelor's degree recital program performed at UNT may serve as an audition for the MM in performance if approved by the major professor and two members of the woodwind faculty.) Single Instrument Major: The MM audition is 15 minutes in length and includes significant repertoire in contrasting styles. There is no memory requirement. Multiple Instrument Major: The audition for the multiple woodwinds degree includes the performance of a representative work on each of two auxiliary woodwind instruments (chosen by the student), as well as a major work on the principle instrument. The required level of proficiency for the principle (major) instrument is the same as for the single instrument major. The audition length is approximately 15 minutes. Doctoral Level: (A master's degree recital performed at UNT may serve as an audition for the DMA in performance if approved by the major professor and two members of the woodwind faculty.) Single Instrument Major: The DMA audition is 30 minutes in length and includes significant repertoire in contrasting styles and periods. There is no memorization requirement. Multiple Instrument Major: The audition for the multiple woodwinds degree includes the performance of a representative work on each of two auxiliary woodwind instruments (chosen by the student) as well as a major work on the principal (major) instrument. The required level of proficiency for the principal instrument is the same as for the single instrument major listed above. The remainder of the program will include significant repertoire in contrasting styles on the major instrument, for a total program length of 30 minutes. There is no memorization requirement. Suggested repertoire: The following repertoire is acceptable as audition material. Other works of equal significance may be substituted. Clarinet: Françaix, Theme and Variations; Mozart, Concerto; Tower, Wings; standard excerpts such as Stravinsky, Firebird, Kodaly, Galanta Dances, Beethoven Symphonies, etc... Double Bass Master's Level: two movements from any Bach cello suite; two movements from the standard concerto literature, One other solo work demonstrating the range and diversity of the applicant's abilities; Four standard orchestral excerpts. At least one solo work should be from memory. Doctoral Level: One full recital demonstrating different styles. An unaccompanied work (or movement) of Bach should be included. One virtuosic concert piece or a standard concerto should be included. A portion of the program should be memorized. For graduate Jazz Bass, please refer to the "Jazz Studies" section on this page. Euphonium Admission will be based upon a successful performance of specific required audition repertoire. A maximum of two auditions attempts are permitted. Memorization is not required. Brass Concentration Study (Music Education, Theory, Composition, Conducting degrees): Consult with appropriate applied music faculty for audition repertoire and procedure. Master's Level: (select one solo and all excerpts) Jacob – Fantasia; Picchi/Mantia – Fantasie Originale; Horovitz – Concerto: Boccalari – Fantasia di Concerto. Excerpts: Sousa – Stars and Stripes Forever; Moussorgsky/Ravel – Pictures at an Exhibition (Bydlo). Doctoral Level: (select one solo and all excerpts) Ponchielli – Concerto; Bourgeois – Concerto, Op. 114; Cosma – Concerto: Curnow - Symphonic Variants. Excerpts: Sousa – Stars and Stripes Forever; Moussorgsky/Ravel – Pictures at an Exhibition (Bydlo); Schönberg – Theme and Variations; Makris – Aegean Festival; Strauss – Ein Heldenleben; Holst – Planets. Flute Master's Level: (A bachelor's degree recital program performed at UNT may serve as an audition for the MM in performance if approved by the major professor and two members of the woodwind faculty.) Single Instrument Major: The MM audition is 15 minutes in length and includes significant repertoire in contrasting styles. There is no memorization requirement. Multiple Instrument Major: The audition for the multiple woodwinds degree includes the performance of a representative work on each of two auxiliary woodwind instruments (chosen by the student), as well as a major work on the principle instrument. The required level of proficiency for the principle (major) instrument is the same as for the single instrument major. The audition length is approximately 15 minutes. Doctoral Level: (A master's degree recital performed at UNT may serve as an audition for the DMA in performance if approved by the major professor and two members of the woodwind faculty.) The results of the audition will be filed in the Office of Graduate Studies in the Music Office by the Coordinator of Woodwind Instruction, using the form "Petition for Acceptance and Continuance in the Major Field of Study." Single Instrument Major: The DMA audition is 30 minutes in length and includes significant repertoire in contrasting styles and periods. There is no memorization requirement. Multiple Instrument Major: The audition for the multiple woodwinds degree includes the performance of a representative work on each of two auxiliary woodwind instruments (chosen by the student) as well as a major work on the principal (major) instrument. The required level of proficiency for the principal instrument is the same as for the single instrument major listed above. The remainder of the program will include significant repertoire in contrasting styles on the major instrument, for a total program length of 30 minutes. There is no memorization requirement. Suggested repertoire: The following repertoire is acceptable as audition material. Other works of equal significance may be substituted. Flute: Sonata No. 11 in Eb - J.S. Bach; Concerto in G Major - Mozart; Sonata in D Major - Prokofiev Guitar Guitar majors must qualify by audition for graduate study. The audition should be arranged in consultation with the coordinator of guitar instruction. Enrollment in the program is limited and entrance competitive. To be admitted to the program, each applicant must show proof of having played a solo senior recital or its equivalent. Also, each applicant must play an audition for the guitar faculty consisting of three major works: 1) selections from the Bach Lute Suites or Violin Partitas and Sonatas; 2) a sonata or concerto; 3) any major 20th century work. All three are to be performed from memory. For graduate Jazz Guitar, please refer to the "Jazz Studies" section on this page. Harp Master's Level: A solo or concerto performed from memory, displaying a minimum difficulty level represented by the following suggested works. (Solos of a higher difficulty level may be substituted.): Impromptu (Faure), Variations sur un theme dans le style ancien (Salzedo), Fantaisie sur un theme de J. Haydn (Grandjany), one sonata from the 20th century by Hindemith, Houdy, Tailleferre, Flagello, or Glanville-Hicks, Danse sacrée et danse profane (Debussy), Introduction et Allegro (Ravel), any of Posse’s Eight Great Concert Etudes for Harp. A second solo of your choice, performed from memory. The work should be in a contrasting style and period, compared to the first solo. One cadenza from an orchestral work such as: Waltz of the Flowers or Swan Lake (Tchaikovsky), Young Person’s Guide to the Orchestra (Britten), or Capriccio Espagnol (Rimsky-Korsakov). Graduate-level students must display evidence that they have given a 45-minute to one-hour recital or the equivalent. Please also provide a complete list of previously-studied repertoire. Doctorate or Graduate Artist Certificate in Music Performance: A memorized recital of approximately 30 minutes is required, representing at least three contrasting style periods. Graduate-level students must display evidence that they have given a 45-minute to one-hour recital or the equivalent. Please also provide a complete list of previously-studied repertoire. Harpsichord Students should contact the coordinator to schedule an audition time and arrange for practice on the audition instrument. Students may be asked to make up deficiencies in repertoire and course work before beginning master's or doctoral level study. Master's Level (Performance): Provide evidence of a senior recital, equivalent to the standards for Senior Recitals at UNT. The entrance audition should include a suite, toccata, or prelude and fugue by J.S. Bach; a group of pieces from either the French Clavecin or the English Virginal School; and one or more sonatas of Domenico Scarlatti or a piece by a 20th century composer. The student should be prepared to play 30 minutes. Master's Level Concentration (Music Education, Composition, History, Theory, or Conducting): It is expected that the MME student will be able to demonstrate a keyboard proficiency equal to the minimum undergraduate requirements: a major composition by Bach; two preludes and fugues from WTC, Frescobaldi or Froberger works, suites from the French repertoire, a group of pieces from the English virginal school, Scarlatti sonatas, and a piece by a twentieth century composer. A minimum of two (2) semesters of harpsichord is required. Students whose undergraduate keyboard concentration was not in harpsichord or whose harpsichord background is not strong should expect to study more than two semesters. A 15 minute jury is required each semester to meet the degree requirements. Doctoral Level: Provide evidence of a master's recital (on a keyboard instrument) equivalent to the standards for graduate recitals at UNT. The entrance audition should include major works from at least five of the categories listed below. At least one of the major works must be played from memory. The student should be prepared to play for 50 minutes. Repertoire for the Master's degree will consist of works from at least six of the following categories; for the Doctoral degree, works from all of the following categories: 1. Dance suites by Bach and Handel. 2. Bach preludes and fugues, sinfonias and toccatas. 3. Sonatas and concertos of the Iberian school: Scarlatti. Sexas, Soler. 4. English: Byrd, Bull Farnaby, etc.; Purcell, Stanley, etc. 5. 17th and early 18th century French Clavencinists: Chambonniere, L. Couperin, d'Anglebert, etc. 6. 18th century French Clavencinists: Rameau, F. Couperin, Duphly, Balbastre, etc. 7. Italian Renaissance and Baroque: A. Gabrelli, Merulo, Mayone, Trabaci, Frescobaldi, Rossi, Pasquini. 8. German Baroque: Froberger, Buxtehude, Fischer. 9. Late 18th century repertoire: Bach's sons, Martini, early Mozart, and Haydn. 10. 20th century repertoire: Pinkham, Persichetti, Martinu, Ligeti. It is expected that harpsichord majors will play in Collegium throughout their entire residency. Exceptions may be granted with evidence of excellent continuo skills or extenuating circumstances. UNT owns a Kingston Flemish single (2x8), a Dowd German (Mietke) double, a John Phillips Italian (Grimaldi), and has a French double by Allan Winkler on order. There is also a Bennett and Giuttari continuo organ. Horn Brass Concentration Study (Music Education, Theory, Composition, Conducting degrees): Consult with appropriate applied music faculty for audition repertory and procedure. Master's Level: (select one solo and three excerpts from each of the BM & MM lists - 6 total) Schumann - Adagio and Allegro; Dukas - Villanelle; Haydn - Concerto No. 1 (mvt. I with cadenza) (memorization is not required) Doctoral Level: (select one solo and three excerpts from each of the BM & MM lists - 9 total) Gliere - Concerto (mvt. I or III); Jacob - Concerto (mvt. I or III); Strauss - Concerto No. 2 (mvt. I or III) (memorization is not required) Performance Major Audition Requirements Master’s Level The works below are to be performed without piano for acceptance to the College of Music and prior to enrollment. The same work or another from the list (etudes excepted) must be performed with piano at the first semester jury.  First movement of one of the following: Mozart Concerto in Eb (K. 417, 447, or 495) R. Strauss Concerto No. 1, Op. 11  Hindemith Sonata (1939) or Villanelle by Dukas Adagio and Allegro by Schumann or a work of equivalent/greater difficulty (including etudes) plus any three orchestral excerpts Doctoral Level The works below are to be performed without piano for acceptance to the College of Music and prior to enrollment. The same work or another from the list (etudes excepted) must be performed with piano at the first semester jury.  First movement of one of the following: Mozart Concerto in Eb (K. 417, 447, or 495)  R. Strauss Concerto No. 1, Op. 11  R. Strauss Concerto No. 2 Gliere Concerto (cadenza optional) Jacob Concerto Hindemith Sonata (1939) or Villanelle by Dukas Adagio and Allegro by Schumann or a work of equivalent/greater difficulty (including etudes) plus any six orchestral excerpts Jazz Studies Refer to www.jazz.unt.edu Oboe Master's Level: (A bachelor's degree recital program performed at UNT may serve as an audition for the MM in performance if approved by the major professor and two members of the woodwind faculty.) Single Instrument Major: The MM audition is 15 minutes in length and includes one slow and one fast from the collection of 48 etudes, Op. 31 by W. Fehrling, two contrasting movements of major repertoire and four contrasting excerpts from the major orchestral repertoire. There is no memorization requirement. Multiple Instrument Major: The audition for the multiple woodwinds degree includes the performance of a representative work on each of two auxiliary woodwind instruments (chosen by the student), as well as a major work on the principle instrument. The required level of proficiency for the principle (major) instrument is the same as for the single instrument major. The audition length is approximately 15 minutes. Doctoral Level: (A master's degree recital performed at UNT may serve as an audition for the DMA in performance if approved by the major professor and two members of the woodwind faculty.) The results of the audition will be filed in the Office of Graduate Studies in the Music Office by the Coordinator of Woodwind Instruction, using the form "Petition for Acceptance and Continuance in the Major Field of Study." Single Instrument Major: The DMA audition is 30 minutes in length and includes one slow and one fast from the collection of 48 etudes, Op. 31 by W. Fehrling, two contrasting movements of major repertoire and four contrasting excerpts from the major orchestral repertoire. There is no memorization requirement. Multiple Instrument Major: The audition for the multiple woodwinds degree includes the performance of a representative work on each of two auxiliary woodwind instruments (chosen by the student) as well as major work on the principal (major) instrument. The required level of proficiency for the principal instrument is the same as for the single instrument major listed above. The remainder of the program will include significant repertoire in contrasting styles on the major instrument, for a total program length of 30 minutes. There is no memorization requirement. Organ Students may be asked to make up deficiencies in repertoire and course work before beginning master's or doctoral level study. Master's Level (Performance): Provide evidence of a senior recital equivalent to the standards for senior recitals at UNT and a complete list of all repertoire studied previously. The entrance audition should include a major contrapuntal work from the Baroque period and major works from the 19th and 20th centuries. The student should be prepared to play for 30 minutes. Applicants will be asked to perform one hymn of their choice at the beginning of the audition. An improvised or otherwise creative introduction is at the discretion of the applicant. Sightreading will be required at all auditions. Master's Level Concentration (Music Education, Composition, History, Theory, or Conducting): Organ Proficiency Requirements: It is expected that the MME. student will have completed these minimum undergraduate repertoire requirements before beginning graduate study: 1. Two major compositions by Bach. 2. One major work from another Baroque composer. 3. Several shorter works by Bach and other Baroque composers. 4. One major 19th century work: Franck, Reger, etc. 5. One major 20th century work: Hindemith, Messiaen, etc. 6. Several shorter works by 19th and 20th century composers. A minimum of two semesters of Organ is required. The repertoire studied will be drawn from each of the above categories and will also include hymn playing. A fifteen minute jury each semester is required to meet the degree requirements. Doctoral Level: Provide evidence of a Graduate Recital equivalent to the standards of Graduate Recitals at UNT and a complete list of all repertoire studied previously. The entrance audition will include major works from the seventeenth through the twentieth centuries. Applicants will be asked to perform one hymn of their choice at the beginning of the audition. An improvised or otherwise creative introduction is at the discretion of the applicant. Sightreading will be required at all auditions. Suggested Repertoire: 1. Bach trio sonatas and major preludes and fugues. 2. Major Bach chorale settings: Leipzig, Clavierubung III, etc. 3. Works by Dutch and German Baroque composers: Sweelinck toccatas and fantasies, Buxtehude major works, Muffat toccatas, etc. 4. Works by French Baroque composers: Mass movements and suites by Couperin, deGrigny, Marchand, Nivers, etc. 5. Works by Italian and Spanish Renaissance and Baroque composers: toccatas, tientos and other contrapuntal pieces by Frescobaldi, Froberger, the Gabrielis, Cabezon, Cabanilles, Correa, etc. 6. Major works by nineteenth century French composers, Franck Chorales and larger pieces, Widor, Vierne and Guilmant movements, etc. 7. Major works by nineteenth century German composers: Liszt, Mendelssohn, Reger, Reubke, Rheinberger, etc. 8. Major works by twentieth century composers: Dupre', Alain, Durufle', Messiaen, Hindemith, Distler, Albright, Demessieux, Eben, etc. Percussion Visit the percussion website for current requirements - http://percussion.music.unt.edu/admission-auditions For graduate Jazz Percussion, please refer to the "Jazz Studies" section on this page. Piano All graduate piano applicants are required to submit a video screening recording to determine advancement in the audition process. Download screening recording information. Both on-campus auditions and off-campus auditions are scheduled in January and February of each year. A live audition is recommended for entering graduate performance students. Video recordings are accepted. Master's Level: comprises a fifteen minute program from memory, including: A prelude and Fugue of J. S. Bach or a complete Toccata , Suite or Partita from which the faculty will choose a few movements. A complete Classical sonata. A work from the Romantic, Impressionistic or Contemporary periods. Doctoral Level: A forty-five minute program from memory of solo piano repertoire is required. Example programs follow: Beethoven, Sonata, Op. 106 (first two movements) Chopin, Ballade in f minor, Op. 52 Ravel, Gaspard de la Nuit, (Ondine and Scarbo) Bach, Partita in C minor (complete) Beethoven, Sonata, Op. 53 (complete) Chopin, Fantaisie infminor, Op. 49 Option in Collaborative Piano: If collaborative piano as related field is desired, the applicant will present a screening audition for the collaborative faculty once coursework has begun. Graduate Artist Certificate in Music Performance: Applicants to the GACMP will prepare a 60-minute recital demonstrating their highest artistic level. At the audition, the faculty will select 20 minutes of music from the program. All new MM and DMA students who do not hold a BM in Performance from UNT must take the Graduate Piano Literature Examination to determine deficiencies in this area. For scheduling of this exam, contact the Music Graduate Office. For graduate Jazz Piano, please refer to the "Jazz Studies" section on this page. Piano (Collaborative) Screening: Along with the online application to the College of Music, collaborative piano performance applicants must submit a screening video recording using youtube.com, vimeo.com, or a similar service by the first Monday in December. The video recording is to include the following repertoire: one complete instrumental sonata; five art songs representing at least three languages; and, one solo work (memorized, 5-10 minutes in length). A complete solo and collaborative repertoire list is also to be included with on-line application materials or may be emailed directly to Dr. Puccinelli. Applications will not be considered complete without the inclusion of this list. DMA applicants should possess experience with both instrumental and vocal repertoire appropriate for the doctoral level. At the beginning of the recording, state your name and the degree you seek. Check both the quality and playability of your recording before you upload it. Recordings must be live and unedited. The recording will be reviewed by the collaborative piano faculty. You will be notified no later than one month before your requested audition date regarding the results of this screening.  Live Audition If selected for live audition, Master of Music candidates will prepare: One solo work (5-8 minutes; to be performed from memory)  Beethoven Violin Sonata Op 12 No 2 in A major, first movement Strauss Allerseelen (E flat) Fauré Mandoline (A flat) Gordon Will there really be a morning? (B flat) If selected for live audition, DMA candidates will prepare: One solo work (5-10 minutes; to be performed from memory)  Franck Violin Sonata in A major, second movement Beethoven Violin Sonata Op 30 No 2 in c minor, first movement Fauré C’est l’extase (E flat) Debussy C’est l’extase (original key) Barber St. Ita’s Vision (original key) Sing and play - Mozart Das Veilchen (G ma) Sight reading and language assessment will occur for each applicant. DMA Auditions will be 30 minutes. For any questions regarding repertoire, please email Dr. Puccinelli, Coordinator of Collaborative Piano, at elvia.puccinelli@unt.edu. UNT will provide partners for the audition; please contact the Coordinator of Collaborative Piano at least three weeks before your audition to coordinate this. Live audition is recommended, but video recordings may be accepted. If you wish to audition via recording, at the beginning of the screening recording state your name, the degree and major you seek and that this is your “final audition.” Please note that scholarships and assistantships are only awarded through live audition. Collaborative Piano Teaching Assistantships Any collaborative piano or piano performance applicant wishing to be considered for a collaborative piano teaching assistantship must present a live audition for the collaborative piano faculty on one of the four College of Music audition days. Current students wishing to apply must present their audition on the first College of Music audition day. All applicants for this assistantship must provide a resume detailing previous collaborative experience and a complete collaborative repertoire list to Dr. Puccinelli via email before the time of the audition. Partners will be provided and there will be no rehearsal prior to this audition. The audition will be recorded and the assistantships will be awarded by competitive selection by the Collaborative Piano Committee after the last College of Music audition date. Contact Dr. Puccinelli via email (elvia.puccinelli@unt.edu) to schedule this audition. All applicants will prepare the following repertoire: Brahms Violin Sonata No 3 in d minor Op 108, first movement Barber A Green Lowland of Pianos (B flat) Applicants may be asked to sight read. This audition is separate from the College of Music admissions audition. Applicants in Collaborative Piano may not use any of the above repertoire for their College of Music live audition. Saxophone Master's Level: (A bachelor's degree recital program performed at UNT may serve as an audition for the MM in performance if approved by the major professor and two members of the woodwind faculty.) Single Instrument Major: The MM audition is 15 minutes in length and includes significant repertoire in contrasting styles. There is no memorization requirement. Multiple Instrument Major: The audition for the multiple woodwinds degree includes the performance of a representative work on each of two auxiliary woodwind instruments (chosen by the student), as well as a major work on the principle instrument. The required level of proficiency for the principle (major) instrument is the same as for the single instrument major. The audition length is approximately 15 minutes. Doctoral Level: (A master's degree recital performed at UNT may serve as an audition for the DMA in performance if approved by the major professor and two members of the woodwind faculty.) The results of the audition will be filed in the Office of Graduate Studies in the Music Office by the Coordinator of Woodwind Instruction, using the form "Petition for Acceptance and Continuance in the Major Field of Study." Single Instrument Major: The DMA audition is 30 minutes in length and includes significant repertoire in contrasting styles and periods. There is no memorization requirement. Multiple Instrument Major: The audition for the multiple woodwinds degree includes the performance of a representative work on each of two auxiliary woodwind instruments (chosen by the student) as well as a major work on the principal (major) instrument. The required level of proficiency for the principal instrument is the same as for the single instrument major listed above. The remainder of the program will include significant repertoire in contrasting styles on the major instrument, for a total program length of 30 minutes. There is no memorization requirement. Suggested repertoire: The following repertoire is acceptable as audition material. Other works of equal significance may be substituted. Ibert - Concertino da camera, Dahl - Concerto, Desenclos - Prelude, Cadence, et Finale, Tomasi - Concerto, Shrude, Renewing the Myth. For graduate Jazz Saxophone, please refer to the "Jazz Studies" section on this page. Trombone (Bass) Brass Concentration Study (Music Education, Theory, Composition, Conducting degrees): Consult with appropriate applied music faculty for audition repertoire and procedure. Master's Level: (select one solo and all excerpts) Ewazwen – Concerto; Hidas – Rhapsody; Kazik – Concerto in Five Short Movements. Excerpts: Berlioz – Hungarian March; Haydn – Creation; Wagner – Das Rheingold; Kodaly – Hary Janos; Wagner – Ride of the Valkyries. Pre-recorded music on CD may be used for accompaniment. Doctoral Level: (select one solo and all excerpts) Gillingham – Sonata; Ewazen – Concerto; Castérède – Fantasie Concertante; Schnyder – Concerto. Excerpts: Respighi – Fountains of Rome; Berlioz – Hungarian March; Haydn –Creation; Wagner – Das Rheingold; Kodaly – Hary Janos; Wagner – Ride of the Valkyries; Schumann – Symphony No. 3; Strauss – Ein Heldenleben; Rossini – William Tell Overture. For graduate Jazz Trombone, please refer to the "Jazz Studies" section on this page. Trombone (Tenor) Brass Concentration Study (Music Education, Theory, Composition, Conducting degrees): Consult with appropriate applied music faculty for audition repertoire and procedure. Master's Level: (select one solo and all excerpts) Ewazen – Sonata; Grøndahl – Concerto; Castérède – Sonatine. Excerpts: Mozart – Requiem (Tuba Mirum); Berlioz – Hungarian March; Wagner –Tannhauser Overture; Ravel – Bolero; Mahler – Symphony No. 3 (1 st mvt.); Wagner – Ride of the Valkyries. Pre-recorded music on CD may be used for accompaniment. Doctoral Level: (select one solo and all excerpts) Tomasi – Concerto; Creston – Fantasy; Bourgeois – Concerto, op. 114. Excerpts: Mozart – Requiem (Tuba Mirum); Berlioz – Hungarian March; Saint Saens – Symphony No. 3; Ravel – Bolero; Mahler – Symphony No. 3 (1 st mvt.); Wagner –Ride of the Valkyries; Schumann – Symphony No. 3; Strauss – Ein Heldenleben; Rossini – William Tell Overture. Pre-recorded music on CD may be used for accompaniment. For graduate Jazz Trombone, please refer to the "Jazz Studies" section on this page. Trumpet Brass Concentration Study (Music Education, Theory, Composition, Conducting degrees): Consult with appropriate applied music faculty for audition repertoire and procedure. Master's Level: Major and Minor scales (including chromatic) Etude: Charlier 2 and Bitsch etude of your own choice Solo: Honegger - Intrada and contrasting solo of your own choice of similar difficulty Excerpts: Stravinsky - Ballerina's Dance; Mahler - Symphony No. 5, opening; Mussorgsky - Pictures at an Exhibition (Promenade); Respighi - Pines of Rome (Off-Stage Solo); Beethoven - Leonore 3 (Off-stage solo) Doctoral Level: Sight reading and transposition Etude: Charlier 2 and Bitsch etude of your own choice Solos: Baroque concerto on piccolo trumpet (Telemann, Tartini, Marcello, or similar concerto); Classical Concerto on E-flat trumpet (Haydn or Hummel); 20th Century Concerto (Tomasi, Chaynes, or Desenclos) Excerpts: Stravinsky - Ballerina's Dance; Mahler - Symphony No. 5, opening; Mussorgsky - Pictures at an Exhibition (Promenade); Respighi - Pines of Rome (Off-Stage Solo); Beethoven - Leonore 3 (Off-stage solo), Bach - Magnificat; Bizet - Carmen Prelude; Ravel - Piano Concerto in G (1st Movement)  For graduate Jazz Trumpet, please refer to the "Jazz Studies" section on this page. Tuba Brass Concentration Study (Music Education, Theory, Composition, Conducting degrees): Consult with appropriate applied music faculty for audition repertoire and procedure.  Master's Level: (select one solo and all excerpts) Bach ­- Sonata No. II in E-flat; Broughton ­- Concerto; Vaughan Williams ­- Concerto. Excerpts: Prokofiev ­- Symphony No. 5; Wagner ­- Die Meistersinger; Wagner ­- Ride of the Valkyries. Berlioz ­- Hungarian March; Strauss ­- Til Eulenspiegel. Doctoral Level: (select one solo and all excerpts) Arutunian ­- Concerto; Ewazen ­- Concerto; John Williams ­- Concerto; Broughton - Concerto. Excerpts: Prokofiev ­- Symphony No. 5; Wagner ­- Die Meistersinger; Wagner ­- Ride of the Valkyries; Berlioz ­- Hungarian March; Strauss ­- Til Eulenspiegel; Berlioz ­- Symphonie Fantastique; Respighi - ­ Fountains of Rome. Viola Master's Level: A recital of approximately 30 minutes duration is required. Single movements of works may be played. At least two contrasting styles of music should be represented. Doctoral Level: One full recital demonstrating different styles. An unaccompanied work or movement of your choice should be included and a portion of the program should be memorized. Violin Master's Level: 1. Bach Violin Sonatas and Partitas (BWV 1001-1006): two contrasting movements from the same sonata or partita or Chaconne2.1st or 3rd movement from a Romantic or Post-Romantic concerto (written after 1800)   (Exceptions: Bruch No. 1 or Wieniawski No. 2: the 1st movement must be supplemented with the 3rd movement; Lalo Symphonie Espagnole: the 1st movement must be supplemented with the 2nd or 3rd movement.3. A concert piece of your choice At least two selections must be memorized. Doctoral Level:1. Bach Violin Sonatas and Partitas (BWV 1001-1006) - one of the following: All movements of Partita in E Major orAt least two movements (with the Doubles) from Partita in B minor orChaconne from Partita in D minor orAdagio and Fugue from Sonata in G minor orGrave and Fugue from Sonata in A minor orAdagio and Fugue from Sonata in C Major2. 1st or 3rd movement from a Romantic or Post-Romantic concerto (written after 1800)   (Exceptions: Bruch No. 1, Wieniawski No. 2, Saint-Saëns No. 3: all movements must be prepared; Mendelssohn E minor and Barber: both 1st and 3rd movements must be prepared 3. One virtuosic work by Paganini, Sarasate, Wieniawski, Ernst, Ysaye, Ravel, Saint-Saens, or an equivalentOR One caprice by Paganini (exclusions: No. 13, 16) 4.  A work of your choice composed after 1970. Graduate Artist Certificate in Music Performance:1. Bach Violin Sonatas and Partitas (BWV 1001-1006) - one of the following: All movements of Partita in E Major orAt least two movements (with the Doubles) from Partita in B minor orChaconne from Partita in D minor orAdagio and Fugue from Sonata in G minor orGrave and Fugue from Sonata in A minor orAdagio and Fugue from Sonata in C Major2. 1st or 3rd movement from a Romantic or Post-Romantic concerto (written after 1800)   (Exceptions: Bruch No. 1, Wieniawski No. 2, Saint-Saëns No. 3: all movements must be prepared; Mendelssohn E minor and Barber: both 1st and 3rd movements must be prepared 3. One virtuosic work by Paganini, Sarasate, Wieniawski, Ernst, Ysaye, Ravel, Saint-Saens, or an equivalentOR One caprice by Paganini (exclusions: No. 13, 16) 4. A work of your choice preferably composed after 1970.  Audition requirement: Bach, Concerto and a virtuosic piece/caprice to be performed from memory. All pieces to be performed without an accompaniment (for all new and current UNT students).   Voice A live audition is recommended for entering graduate performance students. The preferred audition date for graduate students is the Friday on-campus audition day in February. Students should bring eight copies of a list of all repertoire studied at the college level. The repertoire should be organized by language. A résumé and other supporting materials may also be included. A video screening recording is required to determine advancement in the audition process. Download screening recording information. Audition repertoire requirements for the screening recording are the same as the audition. The screening recording will be uploaded as part of your on-line College of Music application. Master's Level: Repertoire prepared should include four selections, one in Italian, German, French, and English. At least one must be an aria from an opera or oratorio and at least one must be an art song. Doctoral Level: To be accepted into the Doctor of Musical Arts program in Voice Performance, students must prepare an audition program consisting of between twenty and twenty-five minutes of music. Selections should be in a variety of styles, and include songs or arias in English, French, Italian, and German. At least one opera or oratorio aria should be included. Students should not expect to sing the entire program, and must provide program notes and translations for all selections. They should also bring at least eight copies of a current curriculum vitae and a comprehensive repertoire list. There will also be a brief interview with the voice faculty. For graduate Vocal Jazz, please see the "Jazz Studies" section here. Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2791 music.information@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 