 music   admissions graduate degree specific Degree Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements College of Music music   admissions graduate degree specific Degree Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements College of Music music   admissions graduate degree specific Degree Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements College of Music music   admissions graduate degree specific Degree Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements College of Music music   admissions graduate degree specific Degree Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements College of Music music   admissions graduate degree specific Degree Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements College of Music music   admissions graduate degree specific Degree Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements College of Music music   admissions graduate degree specific Degree Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements College of Music music   admissions graduate degree specific Degree Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements College of Music music   admissions graduate degree specific Degree Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements College of Music  Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Academics & Ensembles » Academics & Ensembles Our Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of Study » Divisions and Areas of Study Division of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and Ensembles » Division of Conducting and Ensembles Choral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental Studies » Division of Instrumental Studies Brass » Brass Euphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion Strings » Strings Harp Orchestral Strings Woodwinds » Woodwinds Clarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard Studies » Division of Keyboard Studies Organ Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & Auditions » Admissions & Auditions Admissions Overview Admissions » Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition Repertoire » Audition Repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & Facilities » Events & Facilities Events Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community Programs » Community Programs Community Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician » Hire a Musician Common Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic Advising » Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future Students » Future Students Future Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current Students » Current Students Ensemble Auditions » Ensemble Auditions Band and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for Classes » Registering for Classes Schedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic Resources » Academic Resources Music Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Graduation Information Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & Friends » Alumni & Friends Alumni & Friends Overview How to Give » How to Give The Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Search form Search College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Music Main menu Home Academics & EnsemblesOur Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of StudyDivision of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and EnsemblesChoral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental StudiesBrassEuphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion StringsHarp Orchestral Strings WoodwindsClarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard StudiesOrgan Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & AuditionsAdmissions Overview AdmissionsUndergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition RepertoireUndergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & FacilitiesEvents Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community ProgramsCommunity Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician Academic AdvisingUndergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future StudentsFuture Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current StudentsEnsemble AuditionsBand and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for ClassesSchedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic ResourcesMusic Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Graduation Information Office of Disability Accommodation Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & StaffFaculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends Overview How to GiveThe Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements M.M. Conducting The admission process for conducting applicants will consist of two stages. The materials outlined below are to be submitted by the first Monday in December to the College of Music, Office of Admissions/Auditions. The College of Music application materials should include the following: A completed College of Music Application. A resume providing complete information concerning the musical training and experience of the applicant. A repertoire list of works studied and conducted. A face-to-the-camera, high-quality video recording of the applicant conducting; include if possible excerpts from both a rehearsal and a performance. Please follow the directions on the College of Music application to submit electronically a high quality recorded video audition by using youtube.com, vimeo.com, or similar web service. If these websites are unavailable to you, try using www.tudou.com. Statement of career objectives. Three letters of recommendation. Applicants must also apply for admission to UNT through the Toulouse Graduate School (tsgs.unt.edu). The audition/interview process: On the basis of the written applications and tape evaluations, selected choral studies and orchestral studies conducting applicants will be asked to come to the campus for an audition and interview at their own expense. A limited number of applicants in the wind studies area will be invited to attend the North Texas Conductors Collegium in the summer as an auditionee, also at their own expense. It should be understood that no applied music courses count toward degree requirements until the applicant has passed the admission audition. In the audition and interview, those conducting applicants who demonstrate the attainment of a requisite level of technical skill, musicianship, and knowledge of basic repertoire will be considered for admission into the program. Applicants must contact individual areas of specialization (i.e., choral studies, orchestral studies, wind studies), to obtain more detailed admission and audition requirements. Additional requirements: Evaluation of transcripts from previous degree(s): N.B. Please DO NOT send transcripts to the College of Music. They are part of your application to UNT's Toulouse School of Graduate Studies. After Toulouse has admitted you, they will forward copies of your transcripts to the College of Music for review. Your transcripts will be evaluated for coursework deficiencies. You must complete the appropriate deficiency courses the first semester they are offered. A graduate admissions test is required as part of your admission to the university. For Performance majors, this requirement can be fulfilled by an acceptable GRE analytical writing score, or an in-house Graduate Writing Exam. The in-house Graduate Writing Exam is administered during orientation week, along with the GPE. The writing exam must reflect the candidate's ability to write cohesively. It must be in English approximately 600-1000 words in length. Evaluators will review the exam for command of the English language, the ability to present an argument in a cogent manner, and evidence of critical thinking. Attend all orientation sessions scheduled by the Director of Graduate Studies in Music. Take the Graduate Placement Examinations (GPE) given by the College of Music. M.M. Jazz Studies Admission Requirements: Apply for admission to UNT through the Toulouse Graduate School (tsgs.unt.edu).  Apply for admission to the College of Music with the application for admission, audition, scholarship, fellowship and assistantships available on this website. Evaluation of transcripts from previous degree(s): N.B. Please DO NOT send transcripts to the College of Music. They are part of your application to UNT’s Toulouse School of Graduate Studies. After Toulouse has evaluated your documents, they will forward copies of your transcripts to the College of Music for review. Your transcripts will be evaluated for coursework deficiencies. You must complete the appropriate deficiency courses the first semester they are offered. Submit score from the GRE (Analytical Writing Section only) or pass the in-house writing exam administered by Jazz Studies during the required orientation for admitted students prior to the start of the Fall semester. If the applicant chooses the GRE Analytical Writing Section option, the score must be submitted prior to the start of the first semester of enrollment. If the applicant chooses the in-house exam option, admission will be considered provisional until the exam is passed. Candidates for Master's in Jazz Studies in performance must pass an audition for their instrument or voice. Audition requirements can be found on the Jazz Studies website (jazz.unt.edu). The admission standard is the level established for MUJS 2370, Jazz Improvisation II, in the UNT undergraduate jazz studies curriculum. If the audition is via recording, admission will be considered provisional until the student's work is evaluated by the Jazz Studies faculty during the first semester. Submit manuscripts to the Chair of the Jazz Studies Division that demonstrate arranging skill equivalent to the level of MUJS 3620, Jazz Arranging II, in the UNT undergraduate jazz studies curriculum. Arranging manuscripts are typically submitted after the applicant has been accepted, during the orientation period before the start of the Fall semester. Admission is considered provisional until the student either submits scores that meet the standard or passes MUJS 3610 and MUJS 3620. Attend all orientation sessions scheduled by the Director of Graduate Studies in Music. Take the Graduate Placement Examinations (GPE) given by the College of Music. M.M. Music Education Please refer to http://music.unt.edu/musiced/programs/masters for degree specific requirements. M.M. and D.M.A. Performance Admission Requirements: Apply for admission to UNT through the Toulouse Graduate School (tsgs.unt.edu). Apply for admission to the College of Music with the application for admission, audition, scholarship, fellowship and assistantships available on this website. Candidates for Master's and Doctoral Performance programs must pass an audition on the required repertoire for their instrument or voice. Please see Graduate Audition Repertoire for a complete listing of required audition repertoire. Evaluation of transcripts from previous degree(s): N.B. Please DO NOT send transcripts to the College of Music. They are part of your application to UNT’s Toulouse School of Graduate Studies. After Toulouse has admitted you, they will forward copies of your transcripts to the College of Music for review. Your transcripts will be evaluated for coursework deficiencies. You must complete the appropriate deficiency courses the first semester they are offered. Submit a resume or curriculum vitae detailing your professional experience, honors and awards Submit a Repertoire List (last five years) A graduate admissions test is required as part of your admission to the university. For Performance majors, this requirement can be fulfilled by an acceptable GRE analytical writing score, or an in-house Graduate Writing Exam. The in-house Graduate Writing Exam is administered during orientation week, along with the GPE. The writing exam must reflect the candidate's ability to write cohesively. It must be in English approximately 600-1000 words in length. Evaluators will review the exam for command of the English language, the ability to present an argument in a cogent manner, and evidence of critical thinking. Attend all orientation sessions scheduled by the Director of Graduate Studies in Music Take the Graduate Placement Examinations (GPE) given by the College of Music D.M.A. Conducting The admission process for conducting applicants will consist of two stages. The materials outlined below are to be submitted by the first Monday in December to the College of Music, Office of Admissions/Auditions. The College of Music application materials should include the following: A completed College of Music Application. A resume providing complete information concerning the musical training and experience of the applicant Lists representing the following: works the applicant has studied; works the applicant is prepared to conduct; and, works the applicant has previously conducted A written analysis of a movement from a major tonal work on the applicant's repertoire list A face-to-the-camera, high-quality video recording of the applicant conducting; include if possible excerpts from both a rehearsal and a performance. Please follow the directions on the College of Music application to submit electronically a high quality recorded video audition by using youtube.com, vimeo.com, or similar web service. If these websites are unavailable to you, try using www.tudou.com. Statement of career objectives Three letters of recommendation Three names of people (include their addresses and phone numbers) willing to speak to the candidates musical abilities (they may be the same people who send the letters of recommendation). Applicants must also apply for admission to UNT through the Toulouse School of Graduate Studies (tsgs.unt.edu).  The audition/interview process: On the basis of the applications and tape evaluations, selected choral studies and orchestral studies conducting applicants will be asked to come to the campus for an audition and interview at their own expense. A limited number of applicants in the wind studies area will be invited to attend the North Texas Conductors Collegium in the summer as an auditionee, also at their own expense. It should be understood that no applied music courses count toward degree requirements until the applicant has passed the admission audition In the audition and interview, those conducting applicants who demonstrate the attainment of a requisite level of technical skill, musicianship, and knowledge of basic repertoire will be considered for admission into the program Applicants must contact individual areas of specialization (i.e., choral studies, orchestral studies, wind studies), to obtain more detailed admission and audition requirements Additional requirements: Evaluation of transcripts from previous degree(s): N.B. Please DO NOT send transcripts to the College of Music. They are part of your application to UNT's Toulouse School of Graduate Studies. After Toulouse has admitted you, they will forward copies of your transcripts to the College of Music for review. Your transcripts will be evaluated for coursework deficiencies. You must complete the appropriate deficiency courses the first semester they are offered. A graduate admissions test is required as part of your admission to the university. For Performance majors, this requirement can be fulfilled by an acceptable GRE analytical writing score, or an in-house Graduate Writing Exam. The in-house Graduate Writing Exam is administered during orientation week, along with the GPE. The writing exam must reflect the candidate's ability to write cohesively. It must be in English approximately 600-1000 words in length. Evaluators will review the exam for command of the English language, the ability to present an argument in a cogent manner, and evidence of critical thinking. Attend all orientation sessions scheduled by the director of graduate studies in music Take the Graduate Placement Examinations (GPE) given by the College of Music D.M.A. in Performance - Jazz Studies Admission Requirements: Apply for admission to UNT through the Toulouse Graduate School (tsgs.unt.edu).  Apply for admission to the College of Music with the application for admission, audition, scholarship, fellowship and assistantships available at music.unt.edu. Submit a letter of application, a professional resume and a representative sample of your work in digital format (see jazz.unt.edu for required file formats). The letter must describe your professional background, make a statement of purpose for pursuing the degree, and outline your professional goals. Perform an on-campus audition, and, while on campus for the audition, have an interview with members of the jazz faculty. See jazz.unt.edu for audition requirements. Students may choose to emphasize performance or composition/arranging in the applied study and dissertation portions of the degree. Students who wish to emphasize composition/arranging must pass a performance audition at the doctoral level in addition to submitting scores and recordings. Submit GRE score (Analytical Writing Portion only) or take on-campus writing exam administered by the Jazz Studies Division during graduate orientation. Attend all orientation sessions scheduled by the director of graduate studies in music. Take the Graduate Placement Examination (GPE) given by the College of Music. M.A. with a Major in Music Our Master of Arts with a Major in Music program offers concentrations in Composition, Composition Computer Music and Media, Ethnomusicology, Historical Musicology, Historical Musicology Early Music, or Theory. Admission Requirements: Apply for admission to UNT through the Toulouse School of Graduate Studies (tsgs.unt.edu). Apply for admission to the College of Music with the application for admission, audition, scholarship, fellowship and assistantships available on this website. Applicants for the MA with a concentration in Early Music must pass an audition for admission at the concentration level. Composition, Musicology, Ethnomusicology, and Theory do not require an audition. Applicants for the MA with a concentration in Composition must submit a composition portfolio. Please contact the Composition department for MA portfolio requirements. Evaluation of transcripts from previous degree(s): N.B. Please DO NOT send transcripts to the College of Music . They are part of your application to UNT's Toulouse School of Graduate Studies. After Toulouse has admitted you, they will forward copies of your transcripts to the College of Music for review. Your transcripts will be evaluated for coursework deficiencies. You must complete the appropriate deficiency courses the first semester they are offered. Submit GRE Verbal and Analytical Writing Scores. Submit a Resume. Submit three letters of recommendation by persons who know the applicant personally, professionally and academically. Submit examples of scholarly writing; a research paper, a published article, or an essay that demonstrates the ability to address significant issues pertaining to the area of study. Submit a statement of personal interest, to include a statement indicating reasons for interest in pursuing graduate study in the chosen field. Attend all orientation sessions scheduled by the Director of Graduate Studies in Music. Take the Graduate Placement Examinations (GPE) given by the College of Music . CompositionApplicants to the M.A. and Ph.D. programs in composition must submit a complete application portfolio to the College of Music Admissions Office by the first Monday in December in order to be considered for admission the following fall semester. Detailed application information may be found on the composition division website at http://composition.music.unt.edu/admissions/graduate. Historical MusicologyApplicants to the M.A. and Ph.D. programs must submit a complete application portfolio to the College of Music Admissions Office by the first Monday in December in order to be considered for admission the following fall semester. Please note that the area pays close attention to all parts of the portfolio but places special emphasis on the examples of your scholarly writing and your statement of personal interest. After a review of your portfolio, the Music History Area will decide whether you will be invited for an interview; the interview is optional but recommended. The interviews will take place on 3 February 2017. Please contact the area coordinator, Professor Margaret Notley, if you have any questions. For further information about the area, visit our website at http://mhte.music.unt.edu/history. EthnomusicologyApplicants to the M.A. and Ph.D. programs must submit a complete application portfolio to the College of Music Admissions Office by the first Monday in December in order to be considered for admission the following fall semester. Please note that the area pays close attention to all parts of the portfolio but places special emphasis on the examples of your scholarly writing and your statement of personal interest. After a review of your portfolio, the Ethnomusicology Area will decide whether you will be invited for an interview; the interview is optional but recommended. Please contact the area coordinator, Professor Steven Friedson (steven.friedson@unt.edu), if you have any questions. For further information about the area, visit our website at http://mhte.music.unt.edu/ethnomusicology Ph.D. with a Major in Music Our Ph.D. with a Major in Music program offers concentrations in Composition, Composition Computer Music and Media, Ethnomusicology, Musicology, or Theory. Admission Requirements: Apply for admission to UNT through the Toulouse School of Graduate Studies (tsgs.unt.edu). Apply for admission to the College of Music- http://music.unt.edu/admissions/graduate.   The online music application will serve as the application for music admission, audition, scholarship, fellowship and assistantships.  Evaluation of transcripts from previous degree(s): N.B. Please DO NOT send transcripts to the College of Music. They are part of your application to UNT's Toulouse School of Graduate Studies. After Toulouse has admitted you, they will forward copies of your transcripts to the College of Music for review. Your transcripts will be evaluated for coursework deficiencies. You must complete the appropriate deficiency courses the first semester they are offered. Submit GRE Verbal and Analytical Writing Scores. Submit a Resume. Submit three letters of recommendation by persons who know the applicant personally, professionally and academically. Submit examples of scholarly writing; a research paper, a published article, or an essay that demonstrates the ability to address significant issues pertaining to the area of study. Submit a statement of personal interest, to include a statement indicating reasons for interest in pursuing graduate study in the chosen field. Attend all orientation sessions scheduled by the Director of Graduate Studies in Music. Take the Graduate Placement Examinations (GPE) given by the College of Music. Applicants for the Ph.D. with a concentration in Composition must submit a composition portfolio. Please contact the Composition department for MA portfolio requirements. CompositionApplicants to the M.A. and Ph.D. programs in composition must submit a complete application portfolio to the College of Music Admissions Office by the first Monday in December in order to be considered for admission the following fall semester. Detailed application information may be found on the composition division website at http://composition.music.unt.edu/admissions/graduate. Historical MusicologyApplicants to the M.A. and Ph.D. programs must submit a complete application portfolio to the College of Music Admissions Office by the first Monday in December in order to be considered for admission the following fall semester. Please note that the area pays close attention to all parts of the portfolio but places special emphasis on the examples of your scholarly writing and your statement of personal interest. After a review of your portfolio, the Music History Area will decide whether you will be invited for an interview; the interview is optional but recommended. The interviews will take place on 3 February 2017. Please contact the area coordinator, Professor Margaret Notley, if you have any questions. For further information about the area, visit our website at http://mhte.music.unt.edu/history. EthnomusicologyApplicants to the M.A. and Ph.D. programs must submit a complete application portfolio to the College of Music Admissions Office by the first Monday in December in order to be considered for admission the following fall semester. Please note that the area pays close attention to all parts of the portfolio but places special emphasis on the examples of your scholarly writing and your statement of personal interest. After a review of your portfolio, the Ethnomusicology Area will decide whether you will be invited for an interview; the interview is optional but recommended. Please contact the area coordinator, Professor Steven Friedson (steven.friedson@unt.edu), if you have any questions. For further information about the area, visit our website at http://mhte.music.unt.edu/ethnomusicology TheoryThirty hours may be transferred from other institutions with the approval of the Coordinator of Theory in the College of Music. A master's degree from an accredited institution usually is accepted for the first 30 hours. Ph.D. Music Education Please refer to http://music.unt.edu/musiced/programs/doctoral for degree specific requirements. Graduate Artist Certificate in Music Performance The Graduate Artist Certificate in Music Performance is a non-degree program providing an intensive, two-year period of post-baccalaureate study in music performance. It is intended for exceptionally gifted and accomplished performers seeking professional performing careers, but not wishing to engage in academic studies required for a graduate degree program. Two admissions applications must be completed: 1. Application to the UNT Toulouse School of Graduate Studies - tsgs.unt.edu Applicants must apply for admission to the UNT Toulouse School of Graduate Studies. Approximately ten days after you apply to UNT, you will receive an email which includes an EUID and password. Follow the directions in that email to activate your EUID. You may then proceed to apply to the College of Music. If you do not receive this email, please contact the UNT Help Desk at (940) 565-2324 or helpdesk@unt.edu. Be patient. During peak admission times it may take longer than ten days to receive the email. 2. Application to the College of Music The applicant must apply for admission to the College of Music (music.unt.edu) to be considered for admission in the fall semester. Preference will be given to applications received by the first Monday in December. Applications received after that date will be reviewed, and auditions will be scheduled on a case by case basis depending on space availability. There is no application fee for the College of Music. The online application will require you to submit names and email addresses of three people you wish to recommend you for music study at UNT. Only completed applications will be considered. Apply early. Please allow sufficient time for the application process. Candidates for admission to the Graduate Artist Certificate in Music Performance program must have received a bachelor’s degree or its equivalent from an accredited institution. Applicants must meet the Graduate Catalog (http://www.unt.edu/catalog/grad) grade point average requirements for admission to the Graduate School. Normally degrees must be in field(s) of the academic certificate program. The Graduate Council of the College of Music must approve exceptions to any of these guidelines. For International Applicants: Submission of a TOEFL score or the results of an equivalent test of English language ability is required. There is no fixed threshold score required for acceptance into the Graduate Artist Certificate in Performance program. Audition - A live audition is preferred. The audition will be 30 minutes in length. The applicant should prepare a full length recital from which repertoire will be selected at the time of the audition. In lieu of a live audition the applicant may submit a video recording as a part of the College of Music application through yousendit.com. If a recorded audition is submitted, a full length recital must be submitted. Enrollment in the college - All students accepted into the program will enroll in designated performance courses for a minimum of nine graduate credit hours each long semester. Participants for whom English is not the first language will be evaluated in their ability to function in the English language according to the needs of the program. The College of Music reserves the right to require English language study through the Intensive English Language Institute (IELI). Advising - An advisory committee will be formed for each student admitted to the program, to include the major professor (private music instructor), the appropriate applied division chair and the Associate Dean for Admissions. Scholarships - While scholarships are not reserved exclusively for the Graduate Artist Certificate in Music Performance program, the College of Music offers a number of competitive scholarships to outstanding students in performance. It is assumed that a prospective student qualified for the very high acceptance standards of the Graduate Artist Certificate program would likely also receive positive consideration for a scholarship. Such competitive scholarships entitle recipients to pay the very economical lower tuition of a Texas resident, regardless of the state or country of their residence. Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2791 music.information@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 