 music   tours Visit the College of Music College of Music music   tours Visit the College of Music College of Music music   tours Visit the College of Music College of Music music   tours Visit the College of Music College of Music music   tours Visit the College of Music College of Music music   tours Visit the College of Music College of Music music   tours Visit the College of Music College of Music music   tours Visit the College of Music College of Music music   tours Visit the College of Music College of Music music   tours Visit the College of Music College of Music  Visit the College of Music! | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Academics & Ensembles » Academics & Ensembles Our Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of Study » Divisions and Areas of Study Division of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and Ensembles » Division of Conducting and Ensembles Choral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental Studies » Division of Instrumental Studies Brass » Brass Euphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion Strings » Strings Harp Orchestral Strings Woodwinds » Woodwinds Clarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard Studies » Division of Keyboard Studies Organ Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & Auditions » Admissions & Auditions Admissions Overview Admissions » Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition Repertoire » Audition Repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & Facilities » Events & Facilities Events Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community Programs » Community Programs Community Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician » Hire a Musician Common Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic Advising » Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future Students » Future Students Future Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current Students » Current Students Ensemble Auditions » Ensemble Auditions Band and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for Classes » Registering for Classes Schedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic Resources » Academic Resources Music Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Graduation Information Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & Friends » Alumni & Friends Alumni & Friends Overview How to Give » How to Give The Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Search form Search College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Music Main menu Home Academics & EnsemblesOur Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of StudyDivision of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and EnsemblesChoral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental StudiesBrassEuphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion StringsHarp Orchestral Strings WoodwindsClarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard StudiesOrgan Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & AuditionsAdmissions Overview AdmissionsUndergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition RepertoireUndergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & FacilitiesEvents Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community ProgramsCommunity Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician Academic AdvisingUndergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future StudentsFuture Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current StudentsEnsemble AuditionsBand and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for ClassesSchedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic ResourcesMusic Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Graduation Information Office of Disability Accommodation Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & StaffFaculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends Overview How to GiveThe Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Visit the College of Music! -Music Tours: Offered during the fall and spring semesters when classes are in session. Music tours begin with a presentation by an admissions staff member which includes an overview of the admission, application, audition and scholarship procedures. Following the presentation, a Music Ambassador will guide the group on a walking tour of our facilities. The walking portion of the tour includes sitting in on ensemble rehearsals, as available. -Music Information Sessions: Offered during the summer and the week of UNT’s spring break. Information sessions include a detailed presentation on the admission, application, audition and scholarship process for prospective music majors. Please note that the information session does not include a walking tour of the facilities nor the opportunity to experience ensemble rehearsals, as classes are not in session. FAQs How do I sign up for a music tour or information session?             -Click on the link above which will redirect you to https://tours.unt.edu. From the dropdown menu, select music as your desired major. A calendar will open with available music and general campus tours. Is it possible to schedule a University tour on the same day as my music tour?             -Absolutely! Follow the instructions at https://tours.unt.edu to register for a music and general campus tour. Is it possible to meet with a faculty member during my visit?             -If you are interested in meeting a faculty member during your visit, please email them directly well ahead of your scheduled tour date to inquire - http://music.unt.edu/faculty-and-staff. Please note faculty availability is not guaranteed. May I audition when I visit for a tour or information session?             -College of Music auditions are by invitation only following the completion of the online music application. For additional information on the admission and audition process, click here http://music.unt.edu/admissions. Do you offer tours on the weekends?             -Unfortunately, we do not offer tours or information sessions on the weekends or on holidays. We want you to be able to experience ensemble rehearsals and hear from a current music major when you are here. Twice a year UNT Admissions offers UNT Preview, which is a great opportunity to visit on a Saturday and learn about UNT and the College of Music. Check the Music Admissions page to see if we are attending a college fair or convention in your area. Do you offer music tours during audition days?             -Music tours and information sessions are not offered the Thursday or Friday prior to auditions or on the Saturday audition days. Those scheduled to audition are invited to sit-in on music classes, ensemble rehearsals and question and answer sessions with our Ambassadors during that time. We do offer a music specific campus tour on the Saturday audition days, view your schedule of events for time and location. Why is the day I am interested not available on the calendar?             -College of Music tours fill quickly! These sessions are intentionally small to allow prospective students and parents the opportunity to ask questions specific to their major/instrument and to allow the group to visit ensemble rehearsals without disturbing our current students. Do you offer group tours?            -The College of Music does not currently offer group tours due to space and staff limitations. Visit https://tours.unt.edu to schedule a group tour of UNT’s great campus. College of Music Student Ambassadors About the program: Implemented in fall 2012, the Ambassador program promotes and represents the College of Music (COM) and the University by assisting the COM Admissions Office with tours and outreach, working with the COM Development Office and providing leadership and support for all music majors. How can I be a College of Music Ambassador? Ambassador applications will be available for all College of Music students in March for the following academic year. Support the College of Music Ambassador Program Proceeds from the sale of College of Music T-shirts and Hoodies, available on the online store, assist in funding the Ambassador program!    Meet our current Ambassadors: Kelsey Bronson – Trumpet, Music EducationAustin Martinez – Trombone, Jazz StudiesSarah McDowell – Voice, PerformanceAustin Poorbaugh – Guitar, Theory/CompositionByron Sleugh – Trombone, PerformanceCecily Yoakam – Oboe, Performance/Music Education Have a question for one of our College of Music Ambassadors? Email music.ambassador@unt.edu Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2791 music.information@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 