 music   facilities Facilities College of Music music   facilities Facilities College of Music music   facilities Facilities College of Music music   facilities Facilities College of Music music   facilities Facilities College of Music music   facilities Facilities College of Music music   facilities Facilities College of Music music   facilities Facilities College of Music music   facilities Facilities College of Music music   facilities Facilities College of Music  Facilities | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Academics & Ensembles » Academics & Ensembles Our Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of Study » Divisions and Areas of Study Division of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and Ensembles » Division of Conducting and Ensembles Choral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental Studies » Division of Instrumental Studies Brass » Brass Euphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion Strings » Strings Harp Orchestral Strings Woodwinds » Woodwinds Clarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard Studies » Division of Keyboard Studies Organ Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & Auditions » Admissions & Auditions Admissions Overview Admissions » Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition Repertoire » Audition Repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & Facilities » Events & Facilities Events Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community Programs » Community Programs Community Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician » Hire a Musician Common Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic Advising » Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future Students » Future Students Future Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current Students » Current Students Ensemble Auditions » Ensemble Auditions Band and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for Classes » Registering for Classes Schedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic Resources » Academic Resources Music Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Graduation Information Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & Friends » Alumni & Friends Alumni & Friends Overview How to Give » How to Give The Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Search form Search College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Music Main menu Home Academics & EnsemblesOur Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of StudyDivision of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and EnsemblesChoral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental StudiesBrassEuphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion StringsHarp Orchestral Strings WoodwindsClarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard StudiesOrgan Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & AuditionsAdmissions Overview AdmissionsUndergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition RepertoireUndergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & FacilitiesEvents Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community ProgramsCommunity Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician Academic AdvisingUndergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future StudentsFuture Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current StudentsEnsemble AuditionsBand and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for ClassesSchedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic ResourcesMusic Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Graduation Information Office of Disability Accommodation Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & StaffFaculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends Overview How to GiveThe Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Facilities At the University of North Texas College of Music, you can perfect your skills in 300 practice rooms, classrooms, rehearsal rooms and computer labs. The university also has one of the largest music libraries in the nation. The centerpiece of musical activity at UNT is the Murchison Performing Arts Center, which features state-of-the-art lighting and sound systems. Many of the performances at the Murchison are broadcast to a worldwide audience through live-streaming technology. Murchison Performing Arts Center The Murchison Performing Arts Center (MPAC) is the premiere performance facility of the prestigious University of North Texas College of Music. The award-winning facility features two world-class performance venues: The Margot and Bill Winspear Performance Hall and the Lyric Theatre, as well as the Brock Grand Lobby and several studio and rehearsal spaces. Opened in 1999, the facility is the host to the finest that the renowned UNT College of Music has to offer. We are excited to continue to bring to you the wide range of musical programming that you have come to expect. Visit the College of Music Online Calendar for a full listing of events. Visit the MPAC Website to purchase tickets. See location on a map. Winspear Performance Hall The expansive Margot and Bill Winspear Performance Hall has been recognized as one of the finest concert halls in the world. Extraordinary in both acoustical quality and aesthetic design, 1,025-seat venue hosts musical events ranging from early music to jazz The hall's acoustics, designed by the internationally renowned Christopher Jaffe, are varied with ten acoustical curtains and three vertically adjustable clouds. Fully accessible, it features fixed seating in the orchestra and center balcony and flexible seating in 6 boxes. Performances are regularly broadcast from the stage of Winspear Hall via live streaming at UNTMusicLive.com. See location on a map. Lyric Theatre The Lyric Theatre at UNT's Murchison Performing Arts Center features flexible seating for up to 300 depending on staging requirements, making it both intimate and versatile. The room's configurations range from traditional proscenium to in-the-round and everything in between. Two balcony levels provide additional seating and/or staging options. An orchestra pit accommodates a 60-piece ensemble. See location on a map. Paul Voertman Concert Hall Recently renovated, Paul Voertman Concert Hall seats 380 persons and is wheelchair accessible. Formerly known as the Concert Hall, the new performance space includes an upgraded mechanical system to reduce noise, multi-layered walls for sound isolation, a control booth, a ticket booth, a Green Room and updated lighting and audio systems. This state-of-the-art space is used for guest artist, faculty and student recitals, chamber music and smaller ensemble concerts. See location on a map. Merrill Ellis Intermedia Theater The Merrill Ellis Intermedia Theater (MEIT) is a configurable black box theater optimized for experimental music, intermedia and performance art. It is the primary performance venue for the Center for Experimental Music and Intermedia (CEMI). The MEIT features a custom computer-controlled 16.1 audio diffusion system, 270-degree wraparound video projection screens, and a full stage lighting system controllable via DMX, MIDI or Ethernet link. A dedicated performance computer features a comprehensive suite of software and 16-channel audio output. CEMI’s four project studios include three 8.1 environments, each optimized for a different purpose (video production, audio production/teaching, interactive computer music production/rehearsal, and interdisciplinary general access) and one 2.1 studio. See location on a map. Recital Hall The Recital Hall is a 200-seat performance space ideal for small ensemble performance. It includes audio and video technologies that support lecture recitals, large classes and small ensemble performance. The hall also serves as a large-lecture classroom during the day. See location on a map. Other Campus Venues Students can perform in other venues in addition to the world-class facilities of the College of Music. The UNT Main Auditorium houses a Möller organ and a classical period Bedient organ, and is often used for organ performances. Ensembles perform often at the University Union, providing afternoon and late-night events for UNT students and faculty. Bain Hall Bain Hall houses the offices of a number of teaching fellows and adjuncts who provide private instruction for UNT College of Music students. The hall also contains percussion storage and rehearsal spaces. See location on a map. Lab Band East Lab Band East (MU 263) is a slightly smaller hall than Kenton Hall and is also used for many classes and rehearsals. It is equipped with risers, sound equipment for classes, drums, guitar and bass amps, and a Steinway grand piano. This hall is also available to be checked out for special musical projects carried on by students involving the rehearsal of groups formed for specific purposes. See location on a map. Music Annex The Music Annex consists of more than 20 spaces that serve a variety of needs within the college. This building includes instrument repair shops, piano technical services, several large classrooms, percussion storage and rehearsal spaces, a piano classroom, and offices for both faculty and support staff. See location on a map. North and South Music Practice These large practice room facilities provide more than 240 practice rooms that help meet the needs of our students. The rooms include spaces with upright pianos, grand pianos, rooms without pianos, and spaces that are dedicated to the needs of our percussion area. The percussion spaces include rooms that can be rented by individuals to use for practice and storage of their drum sets. Access to these practice spaces is available through our key rental system. The practice buildings are open for extended hours to provide ample time for student practice. See location on a map. Stan Kenton Hall Stan Kenton Hall (MU282) is a combination teaching, rehearsal and recital hall with terraced seating for 115 people, and is the venue for all jazz recitals. The hall is equipped with risers, drums, guitar and bass amps, sound equipment for classes, special lighting for performances and a 9-foot Steinway concert grand. Directly adjacent to the hall is a loading ramp for equipment. See location on a map. Student Computer Lab and Recording Studio The College of Music student computer lab and recording studio provides students with Apple computers, high-end music applications, productivity software and printers. Resources include recording and post-production studios for academic projects, a piano teaching lab, an instructional technology room, specialized audio and teaching software, as well as an online virtual music lab and laptops for College of Music courses.  See location on a map. Music Library The UNT Music Library, one of the largest in the United States, holds more than 350,000 items of music books, periodicals, scores, parts and microforms. It also owns complete works of more than 200 composers, among them new editions of the works of Bach, Handel, Berlioz, Mozart and Schoenberg, together with well over 100 special historical collections. Additionally, the library contains the Ozier Sound Recording Archive of approximately one million recordings in various historical formats. Read more about Music Library. See location on a map. Organ Recital Hall The Organ Recital Hall houses a Rieger organ and is used for both organ and early music rehearsals and performances. See location on a map. Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2791 music.information@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 