 music   directions and parking Directions and Parking College of Music music   directions and parking Directions and Parking College of Music music   directions and parking Directions and Parking College of Music music   directions and parking Directions and Parking College of Music music   directions and parking Directions and Parking College of Music music   directions and parking Directions and Parking College of Music music   directions and parking Directions and Parking College of Music music   directions and parking Directions and Parking College of Music music   directions and parking Directions and Parking College of Music music   directions and parking Directions and Parking College of Music  Directions and Parking | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Academics & Ensembles » Academics & Ensembles Our Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of Study » Divisions and Areas of Study Division of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and Ensembles » Division of Conducting and Ensembles Choral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental Studies » Division of Instrumental Studies Brass » Brass Euphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion Strings » Strings Harp Orchestral Strings Woodwinds » Woodwinds Clarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard Studies » Division of Keyboard Studies Organ Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & Auditions » Admissions & Auditions Admissions Overview Admissions » Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition Repertoire » Audition Repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & Facilities » Events & Facilities Events Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community Programs » Community Programs Community Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician » Hire a Musician Common Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic Advising » Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future Students » Future Students Future Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current Students » Current Students Ensemble Auditions » Ensemble Auditions Band and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for Classes » Registering for Classes Schedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic Resources » Academic Resources Music Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Graduation Information Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & Friends » Alumni & Friends Alumni & Friends Overview How to Give » How to Give The Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Search form Search College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Music Main menu Home Academics & EnsemblesOur Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of StudyDivision of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and EnsemblesChoral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental StudiesBrassEuphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion StringsHarp Orchestral Strings WoodwindsClarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard StudiesOrgan Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & AuditionsAdmissions Overview AdmissionsUndergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition RepertoireUndergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & FacilitiesEvents Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community ProgramsCommunity Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician Academic AdvisingUndergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future StudentsFuture Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current StudentsEnsemble AuditionsBand and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for ClassesSchedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic ResourcesMusic Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Graduation Information Office of Disability Accommodation Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & StaffFaculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends Overview How to GiveThe Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Directions and Parking UNT Music Building Physical Address: 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Music complex is on the east side of Avenue C in the entire block between Highland Street and Chestnut Street. View Larger Map Campus Map Music Building Floor Map (pdf) Directions to the UNT Music Building from Dallas: Take on I-35 North to Denton Exit North Texas Blvd. There will be an Exxon gas station on the right at the top of the hill at the stop sign. Take a right onto North Texas Blvd. Go one block to a stop light. Take a right onto Eagle Drive. Go one block and take a left onto Avenue C at the light. Go two blocks to the corner of Avenue C and Highland. The College of Music complex is on the right side of Avenue C in the entire block between Highland and the next stop sign (Chestnut). Directions to the UNT Music Building from Fort Worth: Take I-35W North until it merges with I-35E Take I-35E South to Denton Exit North Texas Blvd. Take a left onto North Texas Blvd and drive over the overpass. Go one block to a stop light. Take a right onto Eagle Drive. Go one block and take a left onto Avenue C at the light. Go two blocks to the corner of Avenue C and Highland. The College of Music complex is on the right side of Avenue C in the entire block between Highland and the next stop sign (Chestnut). Parking: For concerts in the Murchison Performing Arts Center after 5pm, park in the Fouts Field Parking Lot just north of the hall along North Texas Boulevard. Parking is free. For concerts in the music building after 5pm, park in the lot off Highland between Bain Hall and the North/South practice buildings. DO NOT park in the lot behind Chilton Hall just off Chestnut Street or you will be ticketed. Highland is a one-way street going east, so to get to the Bain Hall/practice building lot entrance, take the North Texas Blvd. exit from I-35. Head north on North Texas and then take a right on Highland. The parking lot entrance will be on your left after you pass Bain Hall. Attention: Beginning Feb. 2 Highland street between North Texas Blvd. and Ave. C will be closed, changing the access to this parking lot. Instead, turn east from North Texas Blvd. onto Chestnut St. and enter Lot 4 behind Chilton Hall. A temporary road will connect this lot to the Bain Hall/ practice building lot. Highland Street and portions of the sidewalk along Highland Street will be closed between Avenue C and Welch Street starting Oct. 20 (Monday) through the coming months for a city of Denton repaving project. During construction, the area will be closed to pedestrian and vehicle traffic until further notice. Highland Street pedestrian traffic will be redirected to specific areas of the project where crosswalks will be open. Vehicle traffic will be rerouted onto Eagle Drive. In addition, the first row of parking spaces along the south side of Highland Street in Lots 25 and 36 also may be closed during this period. Those rows will be re-configured and restriped to accommodate the sidewalk repair, expansion and repaving projects. Welch Street and Avenue C will remain open during the Highland Street reconstruction project, which is expected to be completed in early 2015. During normal business hours, visitors have three options for parking: parking garages, parking meters, or the purchase of a visitor permit. Meters near the music building can be found on Highland Street between North Texas Blvd. and Avenue C. The closest parking garage is located on Highland Street at the corner of Avenue A (southeast of the music building, east of the business building). Parking permits may also be purchased at this garage location, and visitor spaces are located in various parking lots, including the lot off Highland between Bain Hall and the North/South Practice Buildings. For full visitor parking information, visit the Parking Services website. Alternate routes: Because of the work on I-35E, the university recommends that individuals coming to campus give themselves ample time for travel and consider alternative routes. During the bridge closure, traffic wishing to access North Texas Boulevard will use the following detours: Southbound I-35E traffic will continue to the Fort Worth Drive exit, make a U-turn and continue on the northbound frontage road to North Texas Boulevard. Northbound I-35E traffic will take the Fort Worth Drive exit and continue on the northbound frontage road to North Texas Boulevard. UNT community members leaving campus are encouraged to avoid North Texas Boulevard and use alternate routes such as Eagle Drive to Fort Worth Drive to reach south I-35E, or West Oak Street to reach south I-35W or north I-35E.   Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2791 music.information@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 