 music   hire questions Common Service Requests College of Music music   hire questions Common Service Requests College of Music music   hire questions Common Service Requests College of Music music   hire questions Common Service Requests College of Music music   hire questions Common Service Requests College of Music music   hire questions Common Service Requests College of Music music   hire questions Common Service Requests College of Music music   hire questions Common Service Requests College of Music music   hire questions Common Service Requests College of Music music   hire questions Common Service Requests College of Music  Common Service Requests | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Academics & Ensembles » Academics & Ensembles Our Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of Study » Divisions and Areas of Study Division of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and Ensembles » Division of Conducting and Ensembles Choral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental Studies » Division of Instrumental Studies Brass » Brass Euphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion Strings » Strings Harp Orchestral Strings Woodwinds » Woodwinds Clarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard Studies » Division of Keyboard Studies Organ Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & Auditions » Admissions & Auditions Admissions Overview Admissions » Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition Repertoire » Audition Repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & Facilities » Events & Facilities Events Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community Programs » Community Programs Community Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician » Hire a Musician Common Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic Advising » Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future Students » Future Students Future Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current Students » Current Students Ensemble Auditions » Ensemble Auditions Band and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for Classes » Registering for Classes Schedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic Resources » Academic Resources Music Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Graduation Information Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & Friends » Alumni & Friends Alumni & Friends Overview How to Give » How to Give The Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Search form Search College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Music Main menu Home Academics & EnsemblesOur Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of StudyDivision of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and EnsemblesChoral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental StudiesBrassEuphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion StringsHarp Orchestral Strings WoodwindsClarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard StudiesOrgan Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & AuditionsAdmissions Overview AdmissionsUndergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition RepertoireUndergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & FacilitiesEvents Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community ProgramsCommunity Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a MusicianCommon Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic AdvisingUndergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future StudentsFuture Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current StudentsEnsemble AuditionsBand and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for ClassesSchedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic ResourcesMusic Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Graduation Information Office of Disability Accommodation Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & StaffFaculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends Overview How to GiveThe Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Common Service Requests On an annual basis, the College of Music fields hundreds of service requests from around the Metroplex. Below is a list of our most common requests. If you don’t see what you need, there are hundreds of instrumental and vocal combinations available. For more information, write to us at music.information@unt.edu. Click here to submit a request for musical services. Click here to submit a request for music lessons. Jazz Performers These students, part of one of the most respected jazz programs in the world, play a wide variety of styles with a high degree of professionalism. Jazz Trio Most common configuration requested: piano, bass and drums. Popular for a wide variety of events in event spaces that may or may not have a piano available. In event spaces without a piano, ensembles typically can provide their own high-quality electronic keyboard. Ensemble can be amplified or acoustic (without amplification). Jazz Quartet Most common configuration requested: piano, bass, drums and saxophone (or guitar). Popular for a wide variety of events in event spaces that may or may not have a piano available. In event spaces without a piano, ensembles typically can provide their own high-quality electronic keyboard. Ensemble can be amplified or acoustic (without amplification). Jazz Duo Most common configuration requested: piano and bass. Popular for a wide variety of events in smaller, more intimate event spaces. Event spaces may or may not have a piano available. Ensembles typically can provide their own high-quality electronic keyboard. Ensemble can be amplified or acoustic (without amplification). Jazz Vocalist with Ensemble Most common configuration requested: female vocalist with piano, bass and drums. Popular for gala events and weddings. Vocalist and ensemble generally require amplification. Jazz Pianist Popular for relaxed receptions in event spaces that may or may not have a piano available. Performers typically can provide their own high-quality electronic keyboard if needed. Repertoire ranges from jazz standards to popular music. Classical Performers Some of the best instrumentalists and vocalists from around the world are just around the corner.  See a list of some of our most commonly requested types of performers below. String Quartet Most common configuration requested: two violins, viola and cello. Popular for weddings, formal receptions in smaller venues, as background for formal dinners and corporate events. Ensemble is typically acoustic (without amplification). Piano Trio Most common configuration requested: violin, cello and piano. Popular for special events for organizations, gala events and weddings. A piano (baby grand or larger) is generally required in event space. This ensemble is typically not amplified. Brass Quintet Most common configuration requested: two trumpets, trombone, horn and tuba. Popular for special events for organizations, gala events and weddings in medium to large event spaces and outdoors. This ensemble is typically not amplified. Guitar Soloist Popular for relaxed receptions, especially when a limited amount of space is available. Amplification is generally needed, and performers typically provide their own amplifier. Repertoire ranges from jazz standards and popular music to light classical music. Vocalist with or without Piano Popular for a wide variety of events. In most event spaces, classically trained singers generally will not require amplification; however, in very large spaces amplification may be required. Vocalists typically have a wide range of repertoire from Broadway show tunes to opera arias. If performing with piano, an event space with an instrument (a piano--baby grand or larger) is preferred; however, lighter repertoire such as Broadway show tunes, can be performed with a high-quality electronic keyboard (typically provided by performers if needed). Piano Soloist Popular for relaxed receptions in event spaces that may or may not have a piano available. Performers typically can provide their own high-quality electronic keyboard if needed. Repertoire ranges from jazz standards and popular music to light classical music. World Music Ensembles Music from Latin America, the Caribbean, Africa, Appalachia, Asia…the musicians in these ensembles cover the globe. Mariachi Ensemble Typically consists of violins, trumpets, guitars, vihuela, guitarrón and harp. Popular for weddings, quinceañeras, corporate events and other formal events. Steel Drum Ensemble Steel drum bands, a trademark of the Caribbean, are rapidly growing in popularity in the United States. These bands originated in Trinidad where groups participating in Carnival activities played on paint cans and oil barrels, which have tuned areas beaten into their surfaces. This ensemble is often used for outdoor events or events in large event spaces. African Drumming Ensemble Our African drummers specialize in the music is of the Ashanti people of the central region and the Ewe-speaking people from the coastal region of Ghana, West Africa and is characterized by its "hot" rhythmic content. The instruments contained in this ensemble are the Gankogui bells, Axaste and many carved drums, including the Kaganu, the Kidi, the Sogo, the Atsimevu, the Atumpan and the Donno. This ensemble is used in a variety of event spaces, both indoors and outdoors. And More... Contact us at music.information@unt.edu to explore other ensembles in this category. Composers/Arrangers Completing your magnum opus or next hit song?  Get the help you need. College of Music composers and arrangers come from diverse backgrounds and have experience creating and arranging works ranging from short pop songs to symphony orchestra scores. When submitting a request via our online form, select the Lesson/Project checkbox, indicate the type of music (jazz, classical, pop, etc.) and whether you need an arranger or a composer in the Lesson/Project Type field. Private Lesson Instructors Taking lessons can be a joy for students from 4 to 94.  Explore the list of possibilities below. Most Commonly Requested Lessons: Voice (classical or jazz) Piano (classical or jazz) Violin Guitar (classical or jazz) Drumset Trumpet (classical or jazz) Clarinet Flute Other Lessons Available: Oboe Bassoon Saxophone (classical or jazz) Horn Trombone (classical or jazz) Euphonium Tuba Marimba Steel Drums Organ Harp Viola Cello Double Bass (classical or jazz) Baroque instruments African Drums Harpsichord Conducting Music Theory (great for those planning to study music) Music History Composition Arranging Orchestration Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2791 music.information@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 