 music   advising prospective Prospective and Transfer Student Advising College of Music music   advising prospective Prospective and Transfer Student Advising College of Music music   advising prospective Prospective and Transfer Student Advising College of Music music   advising prospective Prospective and Transfer Student Advising College of Music music   advising prospective Prospective and Transfer Student Advising College of Music music   advising prospective Prospective and Transfer Student Advising College of Music music   advising prospective Prospective and Transfer Student Advising College of Music music   advising prospective Prospective and Transfer Student Advising College of Music music   advising prospective Prospective and Transfer Student Advising College of Music music   advising prospective Prospective and Transfer Student Advising College of Music  Prospective and Transfer Student Advising | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Academics & Ensembles » Academics & Ensembles Our Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of Study » Divisions and Areas of Study Division of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and Ensembles » Division of Conducting and Ensembles Choral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental Studies » Division of Instrumental Studies Brass » Brass Euphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion Strings » Strings Harp Orchestral Strings Woodwinds » Woodwinds Clarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard Studies » Division of Keyboard Studies Organ Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & Auditions » Admissions & Auditions Admissions Overview Admissions » Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition Repertoire » Audition Repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & Facilities » Events & Facilities Events Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community Programs » Community Programs Community Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician » Hire a Musician Common Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic Advising » Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future Students » Future Students Future Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current Students » Current Students Ensemble Auditions » Ensemble Auditions Band and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for Classes » Registering for Classes Schedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic Resources » Academic Resources Music Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Graduation Information Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & Friends » Alumni & Friends Alumni & Friends Overview How to Give » How to Give The Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Search form Search College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Music Main menu Home Academics & EnsemblesOur Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of StudyDivision of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and EnsemblesChoral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental StudiesBrassEuphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion StringsHarp Orchestral Strings WoodwindsClarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard StudiesOrgan Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & AuditionsAdmissions Overview AdmissionsUndergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition RepertoireUndergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & FacilitiesEvents Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community ProgramsCommunity Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician Academic AdvisingUndergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future StudentsFuture Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current StudentsEnsemble AuditionsBand and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for ClassesSchedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic ResourcesMusic Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Graduation Information Office of Disability Accommodation Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & StaffFaculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends Overview How to GiveThe Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Welcome! The College of Music Student Services Center applauds your interest in studying for a degree in Music at the University of North Texas (UNT). You should take the time to make an informed decision about coming to UNT. Please read further for links to information that will be helpful to you in that process. TIP: To become a music major at UNT, you must apply directly to the College of Music as well as to the University of North Texas. You must be accepted by both. An audition for admission is required for all undergraduate degrees and most graduate degrees in music. You must apply to get an audition appointment. Live auditions are held on campus in January and February for admission to the next academic year. All auditions during this time are also considered for one year merit scholarships from the College of Music. The College of Music online application is available from the homepage. You may attach a digital file for your recorded audition with your application if you cannot come here for a live audition. Some degree areas (voice and piano currently) require a screening recording with all applications. Official College of Music admissions information is at music.unt.edu/admissions. Look for: All majors and degrees admission requirement Suggested audition repertoire Audition Dates Online Admission Application and request for audition Entrance Exams for Music Majors Undergraduates: Piano Placement (for non-piano majors): all students will be placed in appropriate level for class piano study as a music major. UNT New Student Orientation-required attendance prior to Registration for the first semester at UNT. Graduates: GRE scores and Graduate Placement Exams at Orientation may be required. Check the Degree-Specific Requirements for the graduate music degree you are considering at this link: Degree Specific Requirements International Students: You must have an acceptable audition before you will receive admission to a UNT Music degree program. Proficiency in English is required for admission to the University. There are several ways to meet this requirement. Acceptable scores on TOEFL are one method (TOEFL CBT: 213. IBT: 79.) Complete details and options are provided at https://admissions.unt.edu/international/english-language-requirements TIP: Learning English at UNT -- UNT offers an excellent program known as the Intensive English Language Institute (IELI). If you apply for IELI you will first enroll in IELI courses. IELI students do not enroll in degree-related courses at UNT until the English proficiency has been satisfied. We recommend that you learn as much English as you can before you come to UNT. This will help to minimize the length of time you may have to study English only. University of North Texas Information  www.unt.edu Ask UNT – get your questions answered by Admissions, Financial Aid, Registrar offices UNT Admissions: www.applytexas.org. International students may use the link at: http://www.international.unt.edu. Scholarships and Financial Aid Student Housing Academic Advising for Undergraduate Music Students Music Student Services Office – located CHILTON 211. Walk-In Office Hours: Monday through Friday, 8 am to 4:30 pm. Please call us at 940-565-3860 or email us at music.advising@unt.edu with any academic questions you have. We will also be at every audition day to answer individual questions and are usually available after the music tours to meet with you or answer specific questions related to your coursework or degree requirements. TIP: WE RECOMMEND high school students visit in the spring of the junior year or early fall of the senior year. Before you come, check out the performances scheduled for the day of your visit and plan to attend one or two that interest you. (http://web3.unt.edu/music-calendar/) Go On Tour! We offer tours of the College of Music Monday-Friday when classes are in session. Visit http://tours.unt.edu/ to view availability and schedule both your campus tour and music tour (select music as your desired major from the drop-down menu). You will learn about the admission, application, audition, and scholarship procedures followed by a walking tour of our facilities guided by a current music major. The walking portion of the tour includes sitting in on ensemble rehearsals, as available. There is much to see and hear, so we hope you will join us! OK – You’ve applied and auditioned – what happens next? Music Admissions decisions are sent to auditionees by mid-March if not sooner. Scholarship offers are made in early April. Scholarship offers must be accepted by the student or it will be withdrawn. New Student and Transfer Orientations:After you’ve been accepted to UNT, undergraduates receive important mail from the UNT Office for New Students regarding Orientation. Learn about being a UNT student, meet with advisors in your major and register for your first semester at UNT. TIP: Attend the earliest available orientation session that fits into your calendar. During Orientation, undergraduate Music majors meet individually with a music advisors and a specific course plan for registration is worked out at that time. You will register for your first semester during Orientation. Prospective Transfer Students  The University of North Texas and the College of Music welcomes transfer students. Here are a few important points of information especially for you. Transfer Efficiently!Let us help you plan for the most efficient transfer possible!  If you intend to eventually transfer to UNT, contact the College of Music Advising Office before you begin work at another school.  (music.advising@unt.edu ) Delaying your admittance as a music major may significantly delay your graduation year.  Apply early and audition for the College of Music! We typically audition over one thousand students each year – be sure we save a place for you! Transfer Credit Questions: How many transfer hours does UNT accept? The total number of credits may be limited by financial aid considerations. If you are concerned about this, ask UNT How is transfer credit applied at UNT?After you are accepted, you will receive a printed report from UNT Admissions to show each course received at UNT, the total number of credits received at UNT and your transferred gpa. During new student ORIENTATION, academic advisors in your major will meet with you individually and determine how your transfer courses will be applied to meet UNT degree requirements.  Transferred music courses that will apply for UNT music degree requirements: Music Theory and Aural Skills (up to four semesters of each) with grade of “C” or better. Some UNT Music Programs require grades of “B” or better in music theory. One introductory course in music history Large Performance Ensembles (choir, band, orchestra) – we can take up to half or a maximum of 4 credits for music labs (choir, band, orchestra) Chamber Music/Small Ensembles (performance majors only) – up to three semesters of participation will be applied to performance degree requirements. Please note: transferring lower level chamber groups may require additional advanced electives at UNT to meet degree minimums. TIP: Learn to play piano – all UNT music students must take piano classes until they pass the UNT piano proficiency requirement.Transferred credit for piano (private or class) will be applied to this requirement if you pass the proficiency when you transfer to UNT. Details at www.music.unt.edu/piano. University Core Requirements: 2016 UNT Core Curriculum Requirements UNT Transfer Guides/Degree Plans:General information about the transfer of courses to UNT TIP: Courses taken at a two year (or junior) college cannot be considered equivalent to UNT upper level (3000 and 4000) courses. Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2791 music.information@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 