 music   advising faq FAQ College of Music music   advising faq FAQ College of Music music   advising faq FAQ College of Music music   advising faq FAQ College of Music music   advising faq FAQ College of Music music   advising faq FAQ College of Music music   advising faq FAQ College of Music music   advising faq FAQ College of Music music   advising faq FAQ College of Music music   advising faq FAQ College of Music  FAQ | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Academics & Ensembles » Academics & Ensembles Our Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of Study » Divisions and Areas of Study Division of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and Ensembles » Division of Conducting and Ensembles Choral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental Studies » Division of Instrumental Studies Brass » Brass Euphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion Strings » Strings Harp Orchestral Strings Woodwinds » Woodwinds Clarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard Studies » Division of Keyboard Studies Organ Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & Auditions » Admissions & Auditions Admissions Overview Admissions » Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition Repertoire » Audition Repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & Facilities » Events & Facilities Events Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community Programs » Community Programs Community Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician » Hire a Musician Common Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic Advising » Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future Students » Future Students Future Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current Students » Current Students Ensemble Auditions » Ensemble Auditions Band and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for Classes » Registering for Classes Schedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic Resources » Academic Resources Music Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Graduation Information Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & Friends » Alumni & Friends Alumni & Friends Overview How to Give » How to Give The Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Search form Search College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Music Main menu Home Academics & EnsemblesOur Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of StudyDivision of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and EnsemblesChoral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental StudiesBrassEuphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion StringsHarp Orchestral Strings WoodwindsClarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard StudiesOrgan Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & AuditionsAdmissions Overview AdmissionsUndergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition RepertoireUndergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & FacilitiesEvents Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community ProgramsCommunity Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician Academic AdvisingUndergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future StudentsFuture Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current StudentsEnsemble AuditionsBand and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for ClassesSchedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic ResourcesMusic Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Graduation Information Office of Disability Accommodation Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & StaffFaculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends Overview How to GiveThe Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us FAQ Want to be a music major? Please consult the College of Music website for detailed information about the various degree programs we offer, requirements for acceptance, applications and auditions information as well as information about the numerous performing organizations, department web-links, faculty bios, and more. UNT is home to highly acclaimed musicians, composers, and performing groups. If you are in the area, attend performances.  How does an international student apply? Visit the international music applicant page to learn about the process to apply to UNT and the College of Music.  Must I audition? All undergraduate music degrees require acceptance by audition and application. In addition, all graduate performance degrees (Master's and Doctoral) require an audition. For specific requirements for Master's and Doctoral degrees, refer to:http://music.unt.edu/admissions/graduate. Auditions are scheduled for on-campus and off-campus locations. Who can help me? Questions about graduate academic degree programs and teaching assistantships and fellowships: contact Devyn Dougherty, Office of Graduate Studies, College of Music at Devyn.dougherty@unt.edu Questions about music admissions and scholarships: contact Mafalda Chandler, mafalda.chandler@unt.edu International students may contact Ms Jessie Niu, Academic Counselor, for assistance in complying with international and registration requirements. Email: jessie.niu@unt.edu   Office: Chilton Hall 211 How do I apply? Undergraduate   Graduate How do I audition? Auditions are held on and off-campus on designated dates early in the spring semester. Apply EARLY . Repertoire suggestions for auditions are provided on the COM website: music.unt.edu/admissions How do I get accepted? To pursue a degree in music, you must be accepted by the College of Music using the application and audition procedure described on the COM website. Acceptance by the University Admissions alone does not guarantee admission to a music degree program. A successful audition and written notification from the College of Music is required for acceptance to a degree program in music. Auditioning for Jazz Studies? In addition to applying to the College of Music using the process described at music.unt.edu/admissions, specific information regarding the jazz studies audition requirements at http://jazz.unt.edu/admission-auditions. What should I expect after an audition? Admission decisions will be sent via email following the final on-campus audition date.  We offer three categories of applied lessons: MUAS (applied secondary study - elective and non-degree only), MUAC (applied concentration - required for all music degrees other than Performance) and MUAM (applied major - required for all degrees in Performance). Scholarship notifications are sent during the month of April.  Are there scholarships for international students? Yes. All applicants are considered for music scholarships based on the music application and audition/portfolio. Scholarship decisions are made in April.  What happens if I have not auditioned? Students who have not passed the TOEFL sometimes apply for IELI (English language study) only, intending to audition after they are English-proficient. These students may receive undergraduate "conditional admission" from UNT Admissions. Acceptance into a music degree program IS NOT guaranteed. In this situation, though it may be possible to take several of the courses required for music degrees, it is NOT possible to take the degree-required lessons until one has been accepted into a specific degree program. Without the required lessons, the student can only partially satisfy the degree requirements. Therefore, electing to come to UNT prior to auditioning and receiving written acceptance is not advisable and will extend the time required to complete a degree. ( Acceptance to the University does NOT guarantee acceptance for a degree program in the College of Music .) I'm in IELI. Can I take music lessons? Some IELI students may receive special permission to study applied music (private instruction for university undergraduate credit). You must see Jessie Niu personally to request this permission. ( jessie.niu@unt.edu ). This permission must be requested prior to the start of a new semester. Commonly used terms, definitions and web links: COM: College of Music , University of North Texas: music.unt.edu GPA: Grade Point Average, average of scores received on all courses previously taken GPC: Graduate Preparation Course, offered in IELI, accepted by some graduate degrees in substitution for the GRE verbal score. http://www.international.unt.edu/ieli/. GPE: Graduate Placement Exams, taken at beginning of all graduate degree programs of study in the College of Music . Primary areas include music history, music theory. GRE: Graduate Record Exam, entrance exam required for some graduate degrees, http://gre.org/ttindex.html. HOUSING at UNT: http://housing.unt.edu/ IELI - Intensive English Language Institute, http://www.international.unt.edu/ieli/ ISP: International Studies and Programs, UNT: http://www.international.unt.edu TSI: standardized entrance exam for undergraduate students, required at all Texas colleges and universities: reading, writing and math skills, http://learningcenter.unt.edu/TexasSuccessInitiative TOEFL: standardized exam for English proficiency. UNT requires all students to prove English Language Proficiency.  TUITION at UNT: http://studentaccounting.unt.edu/tuition-and-fees TGS or TSGS: Toulouse Graduate School at UNT, http://www.tsgs.unt.edu . Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2791 music.information@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 