 lab music   Welcome Music Computer Lab and Studio lab music   Welcome Music Computer Lab and Studio lab music   Welcome Music Computer Lab and Studio lab music   Welcome Music Computer Lab and Studio lab music   Welcome Music Computer Lab and Studio lab music   Welcome Music Computer Lab and Studio lab music   Welcome Music Computer Lab and Studio lab music   Welcome Music Computer Lab and Studio lab music   Welcome Music Computer Lab and Studio lab music   Welcome Music Computer Lab and Studio  Welcome! | Music Computer Lab and Studio Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Information Hours/Location Recording Studio Laptops Software Printing Policies Employment Services » Services Recital Hall Digital CopyRoom Workshops Features » Search form Search Music Computer Lab and Studio MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Music Computer Lab and Studio Home Menu Information Hours/Location Recording Studio Laptops Software Printing Policies Employment ServicesRecital Hall Digital CopyRoom Workshops News and Updates The Lab will be closed Saturday and Sunday (May 12 -13) following finals. Summer Hours of operation will begin on May 14th.  Click here for hours of operations. Interested in instruction on lab software?  Click here to read more and sign up. Want to learn recording engineering or make a  recording?  Check out our Recording Studio which is available to all students.     The College of Music Computer Lab offers students access to high-end music applications, productivity software and printers in support of academic endeavors at UNT. In addition to supporting the core academic needs of UNT students, the Music Lab offers additional equipment, software and services to support the specialized needs of courses offered within the College of Music. These resources include: Recording and Post Production Studios, Notation Workshops, Recording Engineering Training,Piano Teaching Lab, an instructional technology room, specialized audio and teaching software, MIDI Keyboards and high quality headphones as well as laptops equipped with music and graphic software to be used for classes within the College of Music.   We're always working to improve our services.  Thanks for visiting! Visit Us Music Building Room 239 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas College of Music 415 Ave C Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us (940) 565-3765 music.labadmin@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 