 music   how to give endowments and scholarships Endowments and Scholarships College of Music music   how to give endowments and scholarships Endowments and Scholarships College of Music music   how to give endowments and scholarships Endowments and Scholarships College of Music music   how to give endowments and scholarships Endowments and Scholarships College of Music music   how to give endowments and scholarships Endowments and Scholarships College of Music music   how to give endowments and scholarships Endowments and Scholarships College of Music music   how to give endowments and scholarships Endowments and Scholarships College of Music music   how to give endowments and scholarships Endowments and Scholarships College of Music music   how to give endowments and scholarships Endowments and Scholarships College of Music music   how to give endowments and scholarships Endowments and Scholarships College of Music  Endowments and Scholarships | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Academics & Ensembles » Academics & Ensembles Our Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of Study » Divisions and Areas of Study Division of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and Ensembles » Division of Conducting and Ensembles Choral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental Studies » Division of Instrumental Studies Brass » Brass Euphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion Strings » Strings Harp Orchestral Strings Woodwinds » Woodwinds Clarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard Studies » Division of Keyboard Studies Organ Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & Auditions » Admissions & Auditions Admissions Overview Admissions » Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition Repertoire » Audition Repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & Facilities » Events & Facilities Events Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community Programs » Community Programs Community Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician » Hire a Musician Common Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic Advising » Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future Students » Future Students Future Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current Students » Current Students Ensemble Auditions » Ensemble Auditions Band and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for Classes » Registering for Classes Schedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic Resources » Academic Resources Music Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Graduation Information Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & Friends » Alumni & Friends Alumni & Friends Overview How to Give » How to Give The Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Search form Search College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Music Main menu Home Academics & EnsemblesOur Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of StudyDivision of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and EnsemblesChoral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental StudiesBrassEuphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion StringsHarp Orchestral Strings WoodwindsClarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard StudiesOrgan Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & AuditionsAdmissions Overview AdmissionsUndergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition RepertoireUndergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & FacilitiesEvents Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community ProgramsCommunity Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician Academic AdvisingUndergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future StudentsFuture Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current StudentsEnsemble AuditionsBand and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for ClassesSchedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic ResourcesMusic Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Graduation Information Office of Disability Accommodation Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & StaffFaculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends Overview How to GiveThe Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Endowments and Scholarships Endowments allow a donor to leave an indelible mark on the UNT College of Music.  A donor may honor a loved one, colleague or friend by establishing an endowment in his/her name that will support student scholarship, faculty research, special projects or building support.  Current initiatives for the College of Music include: Endowments Chairs: $1,500,000 Professorships: $500,000 Lectureships: $250,000 Graduate Fellowships: $100,000 Endowed Scholarships: $25,000 Each endowment supports either scholarship or a unique academic component of the College of Music which makes a lasting impact on students and faculty.  Endowment support is the foundation of funding needed to advance the academic mission of the College of Music. Scholarship Initiative Today the financial requirements for attracting top talent have escalated substantially; unfortunately, resources for supporting the effort have not kept pace.  The UNT College of Music scholarship initiative allows alumni and friends to contribute to established endowments.  Your gift to a College of Music endowment will help increase the value of the endowment, thus increasing the scholarship awards available for students. For example, an endowment level of $30,000 will produce a scholarship of approximately $1,000 each year.  With your help, we will increase the size of the endowment giving us a greater return on the scholarship award. Please review the scholarship list below and consider a gift to the College of Music. Thanks for your support! Make A Gift Online You may send a check to the College of Music or give online by clicking on “Make a Gift Online.”  Make your check out to the UNT Foundation and in the memo line write the name of the scholarship. Send to Pamela King Acker, UNT College of Music, 1155 Union Circle #311367, Denton, TX 76203.  To give online: click on “Make a Gift Online”, in the “Designation 1” drop down menu insert “other”, in the Comments or instructions section – type in the name of the scholarship.   Area Scholarship Brass - Euphonium Larry Roark Memorial Euphonium Scholarship Brass - Horn Alice Koons Memorial Scholarship Fund Brass - Horn Clyde Miller French Horn Scholarship Fund Brass - Trombone Leon F. Brown Trombone Scholarship Fund Brass - Trumpet John J. Haynie Classical Trumpet Scholarship Fund Brass - Trumpet Leonard Candelaria Trumpet Scholarship Fund Brass - Trumpet Mike Castor Trumpet Scholarship Fund Brass - Trumpet Paul and Valerie Klipsch Brass Scholarship Fund Brass - Tuba David L. Kuehn Tuba Scholarship Choral Bridenthal Memorial Choir Scholarship Fund Choral Frank McKinley Endowment/Choral Choral Joyce Howard Bradley Choral Scholarship Fund College of Music Patsy C. and Fred W. Patterson String and Voice Scholarship Collegium Adams-Nordstrom Early Music Scholarship Collegium - vocal Beasley Early Music Vocal Scholarship Collegium Adkins-Dickinson String Scholarship Fund COM Euline and Horace Brock Merit Scholarship Fund COM - Korean Korean Music Student Association  Scholarship Collaborative Piano Harold Heiberg Scholarship Fund Composition David M. Schimmel Memorial Composition Scholarship Fund Composition Larry Austin Music Composition Scholarship Composition Martin Mailman Memorial Composition Scholarship Fund Composition Merrill Ellis Memorial Composition Scholarship Fund Composition Paul Loomis Music Composition Scholarship Composition Richard and Candace Faulk Young Composers Endowed Scholarship Fund Ethnomusicology Ethnomusicology Area Fund General "And the Music Had Wings" Fund General Annette & Charles Guy Hall Memorial Music Scholarship General Ben E. Keith Foundation Music Scholarship General Bethany Lauren Davis Memorial Scholarship Fund General Buddy Holly Ed. Fdn. "Learning the Game" Stephen & Rebecca Easley Scholar General C. C. Collie Endowed Music Scholarship General College of Music Endowed Scholarship Fund General Community Support Council Music Scholarship Fund General Ed and Julia Hodges Memorial Scholarship Fund General Excellence in Music Scholarship Fund General Florence Lewis Davis Music Scholarship Fund General Grace Evelyn Woods Scholarship Fund General Joan C. Groom Music Scholarship General Joe and Betty Roy Music Scholarship Fund General Julia Smith Memorial Scholarship Fund General Marceau C. Myers Memorial Scholarship Fund General N. Patricia Yarborough Music Scholarship Fund General Nicholas D. and Ann G. Ricco Excellence in Music Scholarship General Patsy C. & Fred W. Patterson College of Music Scholarship Fund General Pauline Slator Music Scholarship Fund General RJ Rogers Sinfonian Scholarship Fund General Ronnie Lee and Peter Ni Music Scholarship General Topsy Wright Memorial Music Fund General Utter Music Scholarship Fund General Vivian S. Spohn Music Scholarship General Voertman-Ardoin Scholarship in Music General Walter and Elaine Hodgson Memorial Scholarship Fund General Wells Fargo Music Scholarship Fund Guitar Theron Palmer, Sr. Classical Guitar Jazz Studies Bill Collins Sr. Scholarship Fund in Jazz Trumpet Jazz Studies Bill Stapleton Jazz Arranging Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies Bob and Helen Morgan Jazz Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies Bob Rober Jazz Studies Scholarship Jazz Studies Dan Stambaugh Memorial Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies David Catney Memorial Jazz Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies Don and Dory Jacoby Jazz Trumpet Scholarship Jazz Studies Don Grolnick Memorial Jazz Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies Don Thomas Lead Trumpet Scholarship Jazz Studies Edward J. Soph Memorial Drum Set Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies Floyd Graham Memorial Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies Fred Crane Memorial Jazz Piano Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies James Weldon Thomas Jazz Studies Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies Jamey Aebersold Jazz Studies Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies Jazz Leadership Scholarship in Honor ofNeil Slater and Jim Riggs Jazz Studies Jazz Leadership Scholarship in Honor of Paris Rutherford Jazz Studies Jerome R. Patterson Memorial Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies John A. and Anne Filipowicz Narsutis Jazz Lab Band Memorial Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies John and Bonnie Strauss Jazz Scholarship Jazz Studies John Holt Memorial Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies John M. Haerle Memorial Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies John Park Memorial Jazz Saxophone Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies Justice Records Stan Kenton Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies Kris Kolflat Memorial Jazz Guitar Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies Leon Breeden Music Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies Leon Breeden Scholarship Fund in Jazz Trumpet Jazz Studies M. E. "Gene" Hall Jazz Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies Paul Guerrero Jr. Jazz Studies Percussion Memorial Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies Phil Manning Memorial Jazz Saxophone Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies Pinky Purinton Big Band Memorial Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies Randy Taylor Jazz Arranging Scholarship Jazz Studies Red Rodney Memorial Jazz Endowed Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies Richard Dalrymple Memorial Jazz Trumpet Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies Sandy Sandifer Lab Band Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies Spec's One O'Clock Lab Band Fund Jazz Studies Town of Addison Jazz Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies UNT Summer Drumset Workshop Jazz Scholarship Fund Jazz Studies William C. and Loretta Kason Memorial Drum Set Scholarship Fund Music Education David C. and Katherine Isely McGuire GraduateMusic Education Scholarship Fund Music Education Deborah Johnson Miller Memorial Scholarship Fund for Voice Music Education Evelyn D. Messmore Music Education Music Education George and Nesha Morey Choral Music Education Endowment Music Education George H. Springer Music Education Scholarship Fund Music Education Hard Rock Cafe "Battle of the Bands" Scholarship Fund Music Education Harriett and Jay Armstrong Memorial Scholarship Fund Music Education Margaret Hudnall Music Education Scholarship Music Education New Horizons Graduate Music Education Scholarship Music Education Rainbow-Froehlich Outreach Music Scholarship Fund Music Education Robert R. Gans Music Education Scholarship Fund Musicology Anna Harriet Heyer Scholarship Musicology Music History, Theory, and Ethnomusicology Musicology Ralph and Pauline Bush Endowed Scholarship Fund Opera Dean Hamilton Memorial Opera Scholarship Fund Opera Gerald and Vinette Boyce Finerman Opera Scholarship Fund Opera Jack Roberts Memorial Opera Scholarship Opera Moorehead Opera Scholarship Fund Opera Sunny Van Eaton Memorial Scholarship in Voice/Opera Opera Winspear Music Scholarship Fund Orchestra Anshel Brusilow Scholarship in Orchestral Studies Orchestra Frank D. Mainous Memorial Orchestral Scholarship Orchestra Fred and Patsy Patterson Orchestra Scholarship Fund Orchestra John and Priscilla Holt Orchestra Scholarship Orchestra Symphony Orchestra Scholarship Fund Orchestra/Conducting John Giordano Conducting Scholarship Fund Organ Church Organ Associates, Inc. Organ Scholarship Fund Organ Dale Peters Organ Scholarship Organ Fulmer-Davidson Organ Scholarship Fund Organ Helen Hewitt Memorial Organ Scholarship Fund Organ Marie-Madeleine Duruflé Memorial Scholarship Fund Organ Marjorie Wilson Organ Fund Organ Robert M. Estes Organ Scholarship Fund Organ Robert R. Miller Memorial Organ Scholarship Fund Organ Justine Boozman Beattie Music Schol for Piano and Organ Percussion Avedis Zildjian Co. Percussion Scholarship Fund Percussion Bobby Kahn Steel Drum Scholarship Percussion Ford Kahn Steel Drum Band Fund Percussion Shelly Manne Memorial Scholarship Fund Percussion Yamaha Percussion Scholarship Fund Pi Kappa Lambda Pi Kappa Lambda Scholarship Fund Piano Bridenthal Memorial Piano Scholarship Fund Piano Charles F. Paul Memorial Piano Scholarship Fund Piano Larry Walz Piano Scholarship Fund Piano Marcella and Henry Huberman Memorial Piano Scholarship Fund Piano Margaret Marion Grubb Memorial Piano Scholarship Fund Piano Peggy Boston Duggan Piano Scholarship Fund Piano Robert J. Rogers Piano Scholarship Fund Piano Silvio and Isabel Scionti Piano Scholarship Fund piano Stark/Scionti Endowed Fund in Classical Piano Piano The A. L. Putnam Piano Scholarship Fund Piano William G. Henry, Jr. Endowed Scholarship For Piano Piano Justine Boozman Beattie Music Schol for Piano and Organ String Ensembles George and Sandy Papich Chamber Scholarship Strings Adolfo Odnoposoff Memorial Cello Scholarship Fund Strings Brock Endowment for Strings Strings Lucille G. Murchison Music Scholarship Fund Strings Marceau C. Myers String Scholarship Fund Strings Patrick Stanfill Scholarship Endowment for Harp Strings Richard Dufallo Memorial Scholarship Fund Strings Tehan-Mennemeyer Scholarship Fund Strings The Chadwick Family Memorial Scholarship Fund Strings - Viola Walter Abbey Music Scholarship Strings - Guitar Brian Houck Memorial Guitar Scholarship Fund Strings - Guitar W. Ted Elrod Jr. Memorial Guitar Scholarship Fund Strings - Viola Chris Xeros Scholarship Fund Strings Adkins-Dickinson String Scholarship Fund Theory Ethelston Provance and LaMarr Chapman Memorial Graduate Theory Theory Mattie Jo (Payne) Groom Graduate Theory Scholarship Fund Theory Robert W. Ottman Graduate Theory Scholarship Vocal Studies Sunny Van Eaton Memorial Scholarship in Voice/Opera Vocal Studies Donald E. Waugh Memorial Music Scholarship Fund Voice Bill and Barbara Connally Blankenship Voice Scholarship Fund Voice Cecelia Cunningham Box Scholarship Fund Voice Dr. Patricia Evans Voice Scholarship Voice E.L. and Anita Crader Memorial Scholarship Voice Edward Allen Baird Vocal Scholarship Fund Voice Frank McKinley Voice Scholarship Fund Voice J. Charles Groom Memorial Voice Scholarship Fund Voice Sally Maxwell Sharples Memorial Scholarship Fund Voice Stephen Thomas Farish, Jr. Memorial Scholarship Fund Voice Vince and Becky King Music Endowment Voice Harold Heiberg Scholarship Fund Wind Studies Bailey Mahlmann Band Fund Wind Studies Bob Murray Fund for Wind Studies Wind Studies Charles Veazey Oboe Scholarship Wind Studies Donald E. Waugh Memorial Music Scholarship Fund Wind Studies Jim Riggs Saxophone Endowment Wind Studies Maurice McAdow Memorial Music Scholarship Fund Wind Studies Yamaha Wind Scholarship Fund Woodwind - Bassoon W. S. Elliot  Bassoon Scholarship Fund Woodwind - Clarinet David Breeden Memorial Music Scholarship Woodwind - Clarinet O. Lee Gibson Clarinet Scholarship Fund Woodwind - Flute George Morey Memorial Flute Scholarship Fund Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2791 music.information@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 