 president   The Latest from President Smatresk Office of the President president   The Latest from President Smatresk Office of the President president   The Latest from President Smatresk Office of the President president   The Latest from President Smatresk Office of the President president   The Latest from President Smatresk Office of the President president   The Latest from President Smatresk Office of the President president   The Latest from President Smatresk Office of the President president   The Latest from President Smatresk Office of the President president   The Latest from President Smatresk Office of the President president   The Latest from President Smatresk Office of the President  The Latest from President Smatresk | Office of the President Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Meet President Smatresk» Meet President Smatresk Read President Smatresk's full bio Contact President Smatresk Download an official headshot of President Smatresk Initiatives & Priorities» Initiatives & Priorities Top-Tier Research University Talon Team Planning Implementation Speeches & Communications University Resources President's Cabinet Contact President Smatresk Search form Search the UNT web site: Office of the President MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of the President Office of the President Main menu Home Meet President Smatresk Initiatives & Priorities Speeches & Communications University Resources President's Cabinet Contact President Smatresk Every day, we need to focus on helping our students to grow as people, to become college graduates and to build successful careers and lives. That is our ultimate mission and that is our best measure of success. — President Neal Smatresk Priorities PlanningImplementation » Top-Tier Research University » Student Success » Faculty Success » Eagle ExpressTuition Plan » The Latest from President Smatresk How Technology Impacts Education In a Q&A with Dallas Innovates, President Smatresk talks about UNT and higher education embrace technology to shape students' education and help them succeed in college and the workforce. Our commitment to international students, faculty and staff We are deeply concerned about the well-being of members of our community who may be impacted by evolving immigration policies and practices, and we want all of our students, faculty and staff to know we are dedicated to their safety, security and success. Read President Smatresk's message. Follow @UNTPrez UNT Insider President's News Roundup Learn more about UNT Partner with UNT University Awards Give nowUNT's Impact Report UNT Highlights UNT has 62 programs ranked in the Top 100 A Carnegie-ranked top-tier research university, UNT has 62 academic programs ranked in the Top 100, including 15 U.S. News & World Report rankings in the Top 100. Check out UNT's newest rankings. UNT generates an economic impact of $1.65 billion in the DFW economy annually. Learn more about how UNT fuels progress in the UNT Impact Report.              Institutes of Research Excellence UNT's Institutes of Research Excellence offer solutions-based research, collaboration and outcomes. The institutes are a pipeline to bring UNT's know-how to industry. Read about the institutes' breakthroughs in breast cancer research, plant science research and materials science. Read about new discoveries in prostrate cancer research and pediatric cancer research, and all of UNT's innovative research.  Cheer on the Mean Green Cheer on the Mean Green men's basketball and the women's basketball teams this season as they go for Mean Green glory!     UNT takes care of our retirees. Meet Joy, former K-9 officer. https://t.co/7SaS4w7lRc https://t.co/7nBpBHZ4WZ  Follow @UNTPrez on Twitter 5 hours 4 min ago Visit Us Office of the President Hurley Administration Building Room 201 [map] Mail Us Office of the President University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311425 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2108 president@unt.edu   Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 