 art   studio art ceramics Ceramics Visual Arts Design art   studio art ceramics Ceramics Visual Arts Design art   studio art ceramics Ceramics Visual Arts Design art   studio art ceramics Ceramics Visual Arts Design art   studio art ceramics Ceramics Visual Arts Design art   studio art ceramics Ceramics Visual Arts Design art   studio art ceramics Ceramics Visual Arts Design art   studio art ceramics Ceramics Visual Arts Design art   studio art ceramics Ceramics Visual Arts Design art   studio art ceramics Ceramics Visual Arts Design  Ceramics | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Studio Art Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD CeramicsThe UNT Ceramics Program, while primarily oriented around the functional vessel, recognizes and encourages a wide variety of approaches to clay, including sculptural and conceptual pursuits. Our resources are here to assist the student in reaching his or her personal direction in clay. We believe in exposing students to professionalism through our own creative efforts, exhibitions, and visiting artists. The ceramics area familiarizes students with the terminology of the field, and teaches use of the ceramic equipment. Students are expected to achieve an acceptable level of mastery of a number of skills including clay construction, object decoration and kiln firing. The Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in Studio Art with a concentration in Ceramics is designed to assist the undergraduate student in achieving excellence in his or her personal direction in the medium, both conceptually and technically. Early emphasis is placed on a common foundation in basic fabrication and decorating techniques and is followed by opportunities to expand those skills in upper level courses.  Suggested Undergraduate Curriculum for Ceramics A Ceramics BFA will prepare you for success in graduate school, employment within a ceramic studio or self-employment in a ceramic production business.  The Master of Fine Arts degree would also open up teaching opportunities at the college and university level. For additional information on the graduate ceramics program, please see our MFA Brochure and contact the Ceramics Area Coordinator for the latest information. Located in Oak Street Hall, the UNT Ceramics facility is expansive. We offer over 4,500 square feet of undergraduate lab space that includes 32 electric wheels and 13 handbuilding tables.  We also house: 10 Electric Kilns 3 Extruders 3 Slab Rollers 3 Pug Mills 3 Clay Mixers and a Spray Booth Our 10,000 square foot fenced concrete work yard includes: 1 Wood/Salt Kiln 2 Soda Kilns 1 Barrel Arch Wood Kiln 2,000 square foot covered kiln dock with: 11 Updraft Gas Kilns 2 Raku kilns The Ceramics facility also offers private studios for our Graduate Students.  See what’s going on with the Ceramics program through the UNT Ceramics Department and the UNT Clay Guild Facebook pages.  Also visit the Studio Arts Department groups on Facebook: UNT Studio Art: Current and Former and UNT Department of Studio Art. This page may contain pdf documents.  You can download a free pdf reader here. Student accomplishments Zan Barnes Studio Art Ceramics Studio Art Ceramics All student accomplishments » Alumni accomplishments Annette Becker Annette Becker (Art History MA, 2015) was formerly the Assistant to the Director of the Spencer Art Museum at the University of Kansas. In September 2016, she returned to Denton and UNT to serve as Assistant Director of the Texas Fashion Collection. Art Education and Art History Art History Annette Becker (Art History MA, 2015) was formerly the Assistant to the Director of the Spencer Art Museum at the University of Kansas. In September 2016, she returned to Denton and UNT to serve as Assistant Director of the Texas Fashion Collection. All alumni accomplishments »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 