 art   studio art drawing painting Drawing Painting Visual Arts Design art   studio art drawing painting Drawing Painting Visual Arts Design art   studio art drawing painting Drawing Painting Visual Arts Design art   studio art drawing painting Drawing Painting Visual Arts Design art   studio art drawing painting Drawing Painting Visual Arts Design art   studio art drawing painting Drawing Painting Visual Arts Design art   studio art drawing painting Drawing Painting Visual Arts Design art   studio art drawing painting Drawing Painting Visual Arts Design art   studio art drawing painting Drawing Painting Visual Arts Design art   studio art drawing painting Drawing Painting Visual Arts Design  Drawing & Painting | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Studio Art Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Drawing & PaintingAs a Drawing and Painting major, you will study not only drawing and painting, but also art appreciation, art history, design, printmaking and other studio art areas. You will have access to well-equipped studios and instruction in a wide range of techniques. UNT's Drawing and Painting students spend a lot of time in studio classes creating original works, studying aspects of the field and examining a variety of media with which to work. The Studio Art faculty are accomplished artists in their respective fields, maintaining private studios and gallery contacts. Each exhibits widely and travels extensively to maintain a current and high status in their field.  As a Drawing and Painting major in the studio art program, you will get a great deal of hands-on experience in your classes. Students majoring in Drawing and Painting have opportunities to exhibit their work in competitions that are judged by professional artists. In addition, you can show your work on campus and at local and regional galleries. Suggested Undergraduate Curriculum for Drawing and Painting The B.F.A. with concentration in Drawing and Painting prepares you to become either a self-employed artist or to pursue a master of fine arts degree. Self-employed artists show and sell work in galleries, museums and a variety of other venues. The M.F.A. degree would open up teaching opportunities at the college and university level. Visit the Studio Arts Department groups on Facebook: UNT Studio Art: Current and Former and UNT Department of Studio Art. This page may contain pdf documents.  You can download a free pdf reader here. Student accomplishments Rebecca Peache - Architectural Still Life Rebecca  Peache - Architectural Still Life Studio Art Core Drawing Rebecca  Peache - Architectural Still Life All student accomplishments » Alumni accomplishments Simon Walker Design Communication Design Design Communication Design All alumni accomplishments »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 