 art   studio art fibers Fibers Visual Arts Design art   studio art fibers Fibers Visual Arts Design art   studio art fibers Fibers Visual Arts Design art   studio art fibers Fibers Visual Arts Design art   studio art fibers Fibers Visual Arts Design art   studio art fibers Fibers Visual Arts Design art   studio art fibers Fibers Visual Arts Design art   studio art fibers Fibers Visual Arts Design art   studio art fibers Fibers Visual Arts Design art   studio art fibers Fibers Visual Arts Design  Fibers | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Studio Art Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD FibersThe mission of the Fibers area is to promote excellence through comprehensive educational programming, providing a strong fundamental base that includes cross cultural, historical and contemporary issues in Fiber arts. The Fibers area fosters critical thinking by offering a diverse curriculum that includes surface design, weaving and alternative processes courses that provide students the opportunity to work in 2-D, 3-D and installation formats. The endless possibilities have resulted in innovative and intriguing, conceptually based artwork. While studying Fibers, you will take courses in art appreciation, art history, crafts, design and drawing, in addition to specific course work for your concentration. You will have access to large, well-equipped studios and instruction in traditional and contemporary Fiber techniques that embrace mixed media. Fiber faculty members consistently participate in international and national exhibitions and encourage students to explore the Fibers field through participation in juried exhibitions, invitational exhibitions, workshops and conferences. Suggested Undergraduate Curriculum for Fibers A Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in Studio Art with a concentration in Fibers from the University of North Texas will help you become a practicing artist exhibiting and selling works in galleries, shops, museums and art fairs. Textile-related internships are available to exceptional students who wish to earn elective credit through work experience. Frequently, Fiber students find full-time employment upon graduation as a result of contacts made during internships. The university is within easy commuting distance of Dallas, where textile companies, interior design businesses as well as major art museums and galleries, provide valuable resources and experiences for UNT students. Visit Fibers on Tumblr and on Facebook!  You can also visit the Studio Arts Department groups on Facebook: UNT Studio Art: Current and Former and UNT Department of Studio Art. This page may contain pdf documents.  You can download a free pdf reader here. Student accomplishments Songyi Han - Double Self Portrait 2 Songyi Han - Double Self Portrait 2 Studio Art Core Drawing Songyi Han - Double Self Portrait 2 All student accomplishments » Alumni accomplishments Mariah Tyler (BFA Photography): Stevan A. Baron Work Scholar Program at the Aperture Foundation Mariah Tyler (BFA Photography) was selected for the prestigious Stevan A. Baron Work Scholar Program in the Editorial Department at the Aperture Foundation in NYC. Studio Art Photography Mariah Tyler (BFA Photography) was selected for the prestigious Stevan A. Baron Work Scholar Program in the Editorial Department at the Aperture Foundation in NYC. All alumni accomplishments »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 