 art   studio art metalsmithing jewelry Metalsmithing Jewelry Visual Arts Design art   studio art metalsmithing jewelry Metalsmithing Jewelry Visual Arts Design art   studio art metalsmithing jewelry Metalsmithing Jewelry Visual Arts Design art   studio art metalsmithing jewelry Metalsmithing Jewelry Visual Arts Design art   studio art metalsmithing jewelry Metalsmithing Jewelry Visual Arts Design art   studio art metalsmithing jewelry Metalsmithing Jewelry Visual Arts Design art   studio art metalsmithing jewelry Metalsmithing Jewelry Visual Arts Design art   studio art metalsmithing jewelry Metalsmithing Jewelry Visual Arts Design art   studio art metalsmithing jewelry Metalsmithing Jewelry Visual Arts Design art   studio art metalsmithing jewelry Metalsmithing Jewelry Visual Arts Design  Metalsmithing & Jewelry | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Studio Art Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Metalsmithing & JewelryMetalsmithing and Jewelry students take a number of studio classes that allow them to explore the breadth of metal techniques such as casting, enameling, raising and forging. The faculty in the Metalsmithing and Jewelry program at UNT is exceptional.  From their collective expertise, a comprehensive range of resources is available to the students of the Metalsmithing & Jewelry program. Suggested Undergraduate Curriculum for Metalsmithing and Jewelry A Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in Studio Art with a concentration in metalsmithing and jewelry from the University of North Texas will help you become a practicing artist exhibiting and selling works in galleries, shops, museums and art fairs. Visit the Studio Arts Department groups on Facebook: UNT Studio Art: Current and Former and UNT Department of Studio Art. Harlan Butt Regents Professor Harlan Butt has had a distinguished career that spans the use of most of the media and techniques practiced in contemporary studio metalsmithing. Best known for his poetic enamelwork with cloisonné on vessels, Harlan has pieces in such notable collections as: The National Gallery of Australia, The Museum of Art & Design in New York and The Mint Museum of Art & Craft, among others. Ana Lopez Ana Lopez's sculptural metalwork is informed by her additional studies of the History of American Decorative Arts at The Smithsonian Associates in Washington, DC. Through the sharing of her combined experiences with the practice, histories and theories relating to metalsmithing, students may gain additional insight and perspective on their own practice. James Thurman James Thurman has a diverse background with degrees in sculpture and metalsmithing along with certification as a machinist. His studio practice builds upon this background through a varied use of materials and processes, including metal, wood, plastics/synthetics and found objects, to create a range of sculptural domestic objects, from jewelry to furniture. This page may contain pdf documents.  You can download a free pdf reader here. Student accomplishments Elizabeth Robertson Studio Art Metals and Jewelry Studio Art Metals and Jewelry All student accomplishments » Alumni accomplishments Alex Egner Design Communication Design Design Communication Design All alumni accomplishments »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 