 art   studio art new media art New Media Art Visual Arts Design art   studio art new media art New Media Art Visual Arts Design art   studio art new media art New Media Art Visual Arts Design art   studio art new media art New Media Art Visual Arts Design art   studio art new media art New Media Art Visual Arts Design art   studio art new media art New Media Art Visual Arts Design art   studio art new media art New Media Art Visual Arts Design art   studio art new media art New Media Art Visual Arts Design art   studio art new media art New Media Art Visual Arts Design art   studio art new media art New Media Art Visual Arts Design  New Media Art | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Studio Art Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD New Media ArtThe New Media Art program at UNT is the merging of art, culture, and technology. The mission of the New Media Art program is to cultivate new methods of performance and media art practices within contemporary art. Through creative and critical inquiry, we emphasize artistic excellence, active learning, socially engaged practices, and collaboration. In New Media Art, you are exposed to a wide range of technology-based practices from production of interactive installations and video art to rapid prototyping and performance art. New Media Art is an interdisciplinary studio art practice that encompasses artworks created with new media technologies, including: performance art, digital art, video art, virtual art, Internet art, interactive art, sound art, computer robotics, 3D printing, cyborg art and art as biotechnology. Both a BFA and MFA are offered by the New Media Art program at UNT in Denton, TX. As a student studying New Media Art, you will have access to state-of-the-art filming, editing, and production equipment plus a large, diverse list of course offerings to address your individual artistic needs. You will also have access to the newly constructed Digital Fabrication Lab (FABLab) at UNT. The FABLab provides hands-on state-of-the-art industrial technology to perform digital and fabrication-based creative research. The lab is equipped with a wide range of large-scale CNC machines, laser cutters, 3D scanners, and 3D printers. A B.F.A. with a concentration in New Media Art prepares students for independent practices as fine artists while also preparing them for acceptance to Masters of Fine Arts (M.F.A.) programs.  A B.F.A. with a New Media Art concentration makes an excellent candidate for any job requiring technology skills and a fine arts background. Suggested Undergraduate Curriculum for New Media Art New Media Art website www.UNTNewMedia.comNew Media Art Instagram @UNTNewMedia  Visit the Studio Arts Department groups on Facebook:UNT New MediaUNT New Media CollectiveUNT Studio Art: Current and FormerUNT Department of Studio Art This page may contain pdf documents.  You can download a free pdf reader here. Student accomplishments Julie Libersat "CADD FUNd: Winner Takes All" award Julie Libersat, winner of the Contemporary Art Dealers of Dallas 2014 “CADD FUNd: Winner Takes All” event. Julie presented ROAM, a proposal for a mobile phone interactive urban exploration game. Players use the mobile app to get lost in the city and then document their journey as a form of narrative mapping using photo, video, audio and written capture. The project will be a creative tool that uses disorientation as a part of the artistic process prompting aesthetic engagement and challenging ideas of spatial cognition and orientation. Libersat’s work depicts space as a way of knowing and embodying the city though pedagogical notions of play. Studio Art New Media Art Julie Libersat, winner of the Contemporary Art Dealers of Dallas 2014 “CADD FUNd: Winner Takes All” event. Julie presented ROAM, a proposal for a mobile phone interactive urban exploration game. Players use the mobile app to get lost in the city and then document their journey as a form of narrative mapping using photo, video, audio and written capture. The project will be a creative tool that uses disorientation as a part of the artistic process prompting aesthetic engagement and challenging ideas of spatial cognition and orientation. Libersat’s work depicts space as a way of knowing and embodying the city though pedagogical notions of play. All student accomplishments » Alumni accomplishments Kyle Poff Design Communication Design Design Communication Design All alumni accomplishments »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 