 art   studio art photography Photography Visual Arts Design art   studio art photography Photography Visual Arts Design art   studio art photography Photography Visual Arts Design art   studio art photography Photography Visual Arts Design art   studio art photography Photography Visual Arts Design art   studio art photography Photography Visual Arts Design art   studio art photography Photography Visual Arts Design art   studio art photography Photography Visual Arts Design art   studio art photography Photography Visual Arts Design art   studio art photography Photography Visual Arts Design  Photography | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Studio Art Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD PhotographyOverview The Photography program at UNT emphasizes creative, professional, technical and intellectual growth. Coursework exposes students to a wide variety of photographic practices ranging from historical printing processes to contemporary web technology. Students leave the program empowered through the development of a professional and creative practice, self-discipline, cultural awareness and a personal voice. Graduates from the BFA program are prepared for careers as artists, freelance and commercial photographers, gallery and museum professionals, and a wide variety of other creative jobs. See what’s going on with Parallax - UNT's Fine Art Photography Facebook Group!  Suggested Undergraduate Curriculum for Photography Internships and Professional Opportunities Denton's proximity to the Dallas and Fort Worth metropolitan areas offer a wealth of resources and experiences for UNT students such as renowned art museums and galleries. Internships with area museums, galleries and photographers are available for students who wish to earn credit through work experience. Frequently, UNT students find employment after graduation as a result of contacts made during these internships. Among the places where our students have interned or found employment are: Advocate Magazine Perot Museum Cohn Drennan Contemporary Ryan McGinley Studio Cris Worley Fine Arts Sicardi Gallery Houston D Magazine Southwest The Magazine Dallas Museum of Art Talley Dunn Gallery Dallas Observer The Amon Carter Museum of American Art Dallas Plastic Surgery Institute The Clutts Agency Fotofest Houston The Crow Collection of Asian Art Holly Johnson Gallery The Fort Worth Modern Houston Center for Photography The Public Trust Museum of Fine Art Houston The Warehouse PBS Zales Jewelry PDNB Gallery   Transfer Students The photography area welcomes transfer students from Community Colleges and Universities across Texas and nationally. Credits transfer easily from community colleges or other universities because we participate in the Texas Common Course Numbering System. UNT’s Transfer Guides include a four-year plan to help you stay on track and graduate on time. Transferring here couldn’t be easier and we will help you succeed. Students interested in transferring can find more information about becoming a student at UNT at http://transfernow.unt.edu. It is also important to make an appointment with an adviser in the College of Visual Arts and Design advising office to discuss which courses in your major will transfer. Contact information for the advising office can be found at http://art.unt.edu/current-students/academic-advising. Facilities Facilities at UNT include large format digital printers, up-to-date computer labs, a lighting studio as well as black and white and alternative process darkrooms. Opportunities to exhibit in on- campus galleries exists for interested students. Faculty The Photography faculty members at UNT are established and active members in their field. Works from faculty are part of important collections such as the Bibliothéque Nationale in Paris, Amon Carter Museum in Fort Worth and the permanent collection of the Museum of Fine Arts in Houston. Student accomplishments Rachel Rushing - workshop at Texas Tech University UNT Graduate Student Rachel Rushing taught a workshop at Texas Tech University. Studio Art Photography UNT Graduate Student Rachel Rushing taught a workshop at Texas Tech University. All student accomplishments » Alumni accomplishments Alumnus Cat Snapp Published in MAPC Journal Congratulations to alumnus Cat Snapp (MFA 2012), whose article Commitment & Abundance: Interview with Lynda Sherman and Myrna Keliher is published in the current issue of The MAPC Journal. Studio Art Printmaking Congratulations to alumnus Cat Snapp (MFA 2012), whose article Commitment & Abundance: Interview with Lynda Sherman and Myrna Keliher is published in the current issue of The MAPC Journal. All alumni accomplishments »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 