 art   studio art sculpture Sculpture Visual Arts Design art   studio art sculpture Sculpture Visual Arts Design art   studio art sculpture Sculpture Visual Arts Design art   studio art sculpture Sculpture Visual Arts Design art   studio art sculpture Sculpture Visual Arts Design art   studio art sculpture Sculpture Visual Arts Design art   studio art sculpture Sculpture Visual Arts Design art   studio art sculpture Sculpture Visual Arts Design art   studio art sculpture Sculpture Visual Arts Design art   studio art sculpture Sculpture Visual Arts Design  Sculpture | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Studio Art Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD SculptureAs a Sculpture student in the Studio Art program, you will get a great deal of hands-on experience in your classes. There are opportunities for showing your work on campus or at local galleries. In addition, UNT is within easy commuting distance of Dallas and Fort Worth, where major art museums and galleries provide valuable resources and experiences for UNT students. You will take courses in art appreciation, art history, design and drawing, as well as courses in the sculpture area. You will have access to large, well-equipped studios and instruction in a wide range of materials and techniques. Sculpture students spend a lot of time in studio art classes creating original works, studying all aspects of 3-D art and examining different media in which to work. The sculpture faculty at UNT are practicing and accomplished artists who maintain private studios and work professionally in addition to teaching. Among our alumni is Jesús Moroles, a renowned granite sculptor and National Medal of Arts recipient. The 90,000-square-foot Art Building includes classrooms, a computer lab, faculty offices, studios, a workshop, the UNT Art Gallery and a visual resources library. The school also has a foundry, as well as indoor and outdoor studio space for stone sculpting, woodcarving, welding and casting. 2 other campus buildings, Scoular Hall and Oak Street Hall, house additional classrooms and laboratories, as well as the Texas Fashion Collection and the Cora Stafford Art Gallery. Suggested Undergraduate Curriculum for Sculpture For additional information on the graduate printmaking program, please contact the Sculpture Area Coordinator for latest information or see our Graduate Studies page. Sculptors often are self-employed artists, showing and selling their works in museums and galleries and doing commissions for both public and private entities. The major in sculpture prepares you for such a career as well as preparing you for an advanced degree, should you consider teaching at the college or university level. Visit the Studio Arts Department groups on Facebook: UNT Studio Art: Current and Former and UNT Department of Studio Art. Also, you can find more information by visiting UNT Sculpture on Facebook. This page may contain pdf documents.  You can download a free pdf reader here. Student accomplishments Chance Dunlap Studio Art Sculpture Studio Art Sculpture All student accomplishments » Alumni accomplishments Craig Parson Design Communication Design Design Communication Design All alumni accomplishments »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 