 art   design communication design Communication Design Visual Arts Design art   design communication design Communication Design Visual Arts Design art   design communication design Communication Design Visual Arts Design art   design communication design Communication Design Visual Arts Design art   design communication design Communication Design Visual Arts Design art   design communication design Communication Design Visual Arts Design art   design communication design Communication Design Visual Arts Design art   design communication design Communication Design Visual Arts Design art   design communication design Communication Design Visual Arts Design art   design communication design Communication Design Visual Arts Design  Communication Design | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Communication Design Undergraduate M.F.A. Design faculty & staff Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Communication DesignThe Communication Design program is part of the Design Department in the College of Visual Arts and Design at the University of North Texas.  Our program produces effective conceptual thinkers and creative problem solvers in art direction and graphic design. You will gain the ability to generate original, creative messages and ideas as well as have a professional portfolio to submit to potential employers. Our B.F.A. in Communication Design seeks as its primary objective (aside from teaching the basic principles of design, image making, color theory and typography) to help students learn to be effective conceptual thinkers and, most importantly, creative problem solvers in the disciplines of advertising and of graphic design. Ours is not a program designed for the student who is merely interested in learning the most advanced technology. The M.F.A. in Design program exists to teach students from design how to utilize design-driven knowledge and skills within select theoretical frameworks to identify and solve complex social, technological, economic, and environmental issues. The 60 credit-hour Master of Fine Arts in Design is taught as a concentration in Design Research. The curriculum has been designed to place students in interdisciplinary teams so they can master core theoretical and problem-solving competencies rooted in collaborative innovation, including: imaginative and adaptive thinking, visual argumentation supported by select types of reasoning, iterative prototyping, project based workflow development and fostering ethically rooted empathy for others. The communication design area is housed in the Art Building, which include studio classrooms, a dedicated computer lab/classroom, a general access computer lab, and faculty offices. Additionally, the communication design area maintains valuable resources consisting of over 1,000 reference books, magazines and paper/print samples of photography, illustration, typography, graphic design and advertising for its majors. Student accomplishments Kris Haro & Jonathan Wenske CVAD Communication Design juniors Johnathan Wenske and Kris Haro had no idea when they designed their project, “When Nuture Calls” for Mark Allen’s class that the project would soon go viral on the internet. The class project called for students to design a campaign for a social issue or product.  Taking on the apparently highly controversial topic of public breastfeeding,  the project, was shown at the DVCC student award competition and was picked up by major news outlets and publications. Design Communication Design CVAD Communication Design juniors Johnathan Wenske and Kris Haro had no idea when they designed their project, “When Nuture Calls” for Mark Allen’s class that the project would soon go viral on the internet. The class project called for students to design a campaign for a social issue or product.  Taking on the apparently highly controversial topic of public breastfeeding,  the project, was shown at the DVCC student award competition and was picked up by major news outlets and publications. All student accomplishments » Alumni accomplishments Emily Charette Design Communication Design Design Communication Design All alumni accomplishments »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 