 art   design fashion design Fashion Design Visual Arts Design art   design fashion design Fashion Design Visual Arts Design art   design fashion design Fashion Design Visual Arts Design art   design fashion design Fashion Design Visual Arts Design art   design fashion design Fashion Design Visual Arts Design art   design fashion design Fashion Design Visual Arts Design art   design fashion design Fashion Design Visual Arts Design art   design fashion design Fashion Design Visual Arts Design art   design fashion design Fashion Design Visual Arts Design art   design fashion design Fashion Design Visual Arts Design  Fashion Design | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Fashion Design Undergraduate Graduate Fashion Design Blog Texas Fashion Collection Design faculty & staff Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Fashion DesignDo you have a passion for fashion? Are you creative and full of new ideas? Do you have an eye for color, style and shape? Perhaps you should pursue a degree in Fashion Design at the University of North Texas. Through a rigorous curriculum, you’ll discover the skills needed to conceptualize, present and develop finished garments from your original designs. We also provide a thorough understanding of the industry from historical and present day perspectives. The program’s success is reflected in our students’ accomplishments. Many make early impressions on future employers by competing at national and international events such as: Fashion Group International’s Career Day in Dallas The Hispanic Association of Colleges and Universities and Gap Inc.’s Design Your Future competition Project Runway (Alumna Shirin Askari was featured in the show’s 6th season) You’ll learn from faculty members who are experienced fashion designers, jurors of exhibitions and active members of professional organizations. You’ll also have access to the Texas Fashion Collection, which contains 18,000 garments and accessories from the 19th and 20th centuries. The director, who is also a faculty member, is a nationally recognized expert on fashion design and history. Our alumni are employed in design positions with prestigious companies such as Fossil, the Haggar Clothing Co., Nicole Miller, Ralph Lauren, Zac Posen, Dillard’s and Calvin Klein. Fashion houses in Dallas and Fort Worth regularly seek interns from our program, allowing you to receive hands-on experience. Students have also recently interned with apparel companies in New York, Los Angeles, Chicago and London. Check out our annual UNT Fashion Design Program LookBook which showcases student work and is available for purchase.   Student accomplishments Chelsea Williams Design Fashion Design Design Fashion Design All student accomplishments » Alumni accomplishments Paul Booth Design Communication Design Design Communication Design All alumni accomplishments »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 