 art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies Interdisciplinary Art Design Studies Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies Interdisciplinary Art Design Studies Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies Interdisciplinary Art Design Studies Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies Interdisciplinary Art Design Studies Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies Interdisciplinary Art Design Studies Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies Interdisciplinary Art Design Studies Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies Interdisciplinary Art Design Studies Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies Interdisciplinary Art Design Studies Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies Interdisciplinary Art Design Studies Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies Interdisciplinary Art Design Studies Visual Arts Design  Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies IADS: Open Track IADS: Arts Management Track IADS: Design Management Track Scholarships & Fellowships Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies We live in a world of images and the impact of the visual on art and society grows greater every day. Websites, magazines, films, television and public art surround us. What impulses drive us to make and desire these images? How do we understand them? What do they do? How do they make meaning in a diverse world? The B.A. in Interdisciplinary Art and Design Studies is a genuinely interdisciplinary study of art and design with coursework in such diverse fields as Anthropology, Film, Communications, Art History, and Sociology. The beauty of the IADS degree is its flexibility. You chart your course within the degree to explore aspects of art and design that interest you. The program is divided among three tracks. Two of these are geared to specific areas of interest: Design Management prepares students to work with design firms as project managers while Arts Management provides students with the skills and knowledge needed to work within arts organizations including galleries and museums. The Open Track provides maximum flexibility for students seeking to chart their own course for careers in design, studio art, art law, art history, or other fields. What Can I Do with the Degree? IADS is particularly useful for students wanting to enter an art- or design-related career. Some of these careers include art law, non-profit arts organization director, digital image management, gallery owner, instructional designer, visual merchandising, and auction houses operations and sales. Combining the IADS degree with a strategically chosen minor and an internship will go far toward preparing for one of these careers. Our alumni have found exciting ways to put their IADS degrees to work. Several work in galleries and design firms, some have gone on to graduate school and one IADS alumna designs t-shirts worn by rock stars! More Information For more information on each track, follow the links on the left side of the screen. Follow IADS on Facebook for internship and job opportunities! Contact Dr. Kelly Donahue-Wallace, IADS Program Coordinator, or the Department of Art Education and Art History at aeah@unt.edu for questions about: IADS: Open Track IADS: Arts Management Contact Cynthia Mohr, Design Department Chair, or the Department of Design at design@unt.edu for questions about: IADS: Design Management Student accomplishments Lucy Bartholomee - "Collapsing Boundaries" Art Education Ph.D. student, Lucy Bartholomee, won the 2015 Graduate Student Scholarly Writing Award with a paper she wrote in Dr. Paula Lupkin's Architecture seminar in conjunction with her work with Dr. Tyson Lewis' Phenomenology class, titled "Collapsing Boundaries." Art Education and Art History Art Education Art Education Ph.D. student, Lucy Bartholomee, won the 2015 Graduate Student Scholarly Writing Award with a paper she wrote in Dr. Paula Lupkin's Architecture seminar in conjunction with her work with Dr. Tyson Lewis' Phenomenology class, titled "Collapsing Boundaries." All student accomplishments » Alumni accomplishments Lauren LaRocca at O'Donnell Institute, DMA Lauren LaRocca (MA, Art History 2009) is the Coordinator of Special Programs with The O’Donnell Institute. She oversees collaborations between the Dallas Museum of Art and the O’Donnell Institute. She coordinates scholars’ access to collections, arranges class visits, plans the logistics of jointly-sponsored programs, and oversees both day-to-day operations and special events at the research center. Art Education and Art History Art History Lauren LaRocca (MA, Art History 2009) is the Coordinator of Special Programs with The O’Donnell Institute. She oversees collaborations between the Dallas Museum of Art and the O’Donnell Institute. She coordinates scholars’ access to collections, arranges class visits, plans the logistics of jointly-sponsored programs, and oversees both day-to-day operations and special events at the research center. All alumni accomplishments »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 