 art   design interior design Interior Design Visual Arts Design art   design interior design Interior Design Visual Arts Design art   design interior design Interior Design Visual Arts Design art   design interior design Interior Design Visual Arts Design art   design interior design Interior Design Visual Arts Design art   design interior design Interior Design Visual Arts Design art   design interior design Interior Design Visual Arts Design art   design interior design Interior Design Visual Arts Design art   design interior design Interior Design Visual Arts Design art   design interior design Interior Design Visual Arts Design  Interior Design | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Interior Design Undergraduate M.A. M.F.A. Interior Design Blog Design faculty & staff Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Interior DesignInterior designers create the environments in which we live, work and play. They work with residential and non-residential spaces and generally specialize in one or the other. They understand not only the fundamentals of design, but also its technical development in such areas as drafting, computer-aided design, presentation and interior construction. Interior designers also must have knowledge regarding lighting and building systems as well as federal, state and local building codes. Interior designers are an integral part of any such project and should be involved early in the building and planning process.  Before beginning a project, the interior designer meets with a client to determine the intended use of a space and to learn about the client's tastes. Interior designers prepare drawings and specifications for interior construction and work closely with architects and builders. They design lighting and interior details, coordinate colors and select furniture. They also plan additions and renovations. The College of Visual Arts and Design (CVAD) at the University of North Texas (UNT) offers both undergraduate and graduate degrees in Interior Design.  Our faculty members have years of experience, both nationally and internationally, as independent designers, consultants and architects.  Your coursework will focus on computer-aided design, lighting, green and sustainable design, design for special populations and the history of furniture and architecture, among other subjects. Many graduates of UNT's interior design program work as designers with established design and architectural firms or own their own businesses. Teaching interior design at the college level may require an advanced degree. Student accomplishments Interior Design 1 Victoria Station - Denton, TX Design Interior Design Victoria Station - Denton, TX All student accomplishments » Alumni accomplishments Paul Booth Design Communication Design Design Communication Design All alumni accomplishments »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 