 art   art history art cation art cation visual art studies Art Education Visual Art Studies Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art cation visual art studies Art Education Visual Art Studies Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art cation visual art studies Art Education Visual Art Studies Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art cation visual art studies Art Education Visual Art Studies Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art cation visual art studies Art Education Visual Art Studies Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art cation visual art studies Art Education Visual Art Studies Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art cation visual art studies Art Education Visual Art Studies Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art cation visual art studies Art Education Visual Art Studies Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art cation visual art studies Art Education Visual Art Studies Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art cation visual art studies Art Education Visual Art Studies Visual Arts Design  Art Education: Visual Art Studies | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Art Education: Visual Art Studies Undergraduate M.A. Art Museum Education Ph.D. Graduate Student Art Education Association (GSAEA) Onstead Institute Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Art Education: Visual Art StudiesGenerally speaking, the discipline of Art Education concerns itself with the theory and practice of teaching art to others. UNT’s Art Education program is recognized for its development of art and museum educators and leaders in the field who have a broad understanding of contemporary and past visual art forms, teaching and learning in the arts, and research and innovation through a rigorous mix of theoretical and practical preparation. At the undergraduate level, a degree in art education—the B.F.A. in Visual Art Studies—prepares one for a career as an early childhood, elementary, middle and/or high school art teacher and for careers in community art programs and other educational facilities. The M.A. in Art Education offers 3 separate program options. M.A. students have the opportunity to obtain state teaching certification, to further their teaching knowledge and skills, or to learn about art museum education. A master's degree in Art Education supports students in deepening their knowledge of art education practice, theory, and research while specializing in specific forms of art education (such as art museum education). Students pursuing a doctorate in Art Education research and develop new theories of art teaching and learning and prepare themselves to be researchers and professors of Art Education at colleges and universities. The Ph.D. is the terminal degree in Art Education and the University of North Texas is the only university in the state of Texas to offer it. Student accomplishments Emily Jean Hood, Sarah Travis, Dr. Amelia Kraehe Art education doctoral students, Emily Jean Hood and Sarah Travis, co-authored a study with Dr. Amelia Kraehe, Assistant Professor of Art Education. The research article, titled "I'm So Offended!": Curriculum Flashpoints and Critical Arts Education, was published in 2015 in the peer-reviewed International Journal of Education and the Arts. Art Education and Art History Art Education Art education doctoral students, Emily Jean Hood and Sarah Travis, co-authored a study with Dr. Amelia Kraehe, Assistant Professor of Art Education. The research article, titled "I'm So Offended!": Curriculum Flashpoints and Critical Arts Education, was published in 2015 in the peer-reviewed International Journal of Education and the Arts. All student accomplishments » Alumni accomplishments Lynda Wilbur AEAH Lynda Wilbur enjoys providing meaningful gallery and art-making experiences for students and adults at the Nasher Sculpture Center in Dallas. As Manager of Tour Programs, she coordinates school tours, teaching resources, and works with a team of educators to engage visitors with innovative tours and workshops. Program launches this year include Skype distance learning school tours and "Scope out Sculpture" on Periscope. Art Education and Art History Art Education Lynda Wilbur enjoys providing meaningful gallery and art-making experiences for students and adults at the Nasher Sculpture Center in Dallas. As Manager of Tour Programs, she coordinates school tours, teaching resources, and works with a team of educators to engage visitors with innovative tours and workshops. Program launches this year include Skype distance learning school tours and "Scope out Sculpture" on Periscope. All alumni accomplishments »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 