 art   art history art cation art history Art History Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art history Art History Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art history Art History Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art history Art History Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art history Art History Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art history Art History Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art history Art History Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art history Art History Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art history Art History Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art history Art History Visual Arts Design  Art History | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Art History Program Highlights B.A. M.A. Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Art HistoryArt historians enhance our understanding of art and its place within society through their research. Studying the art and architecture of diverse world cultures and periods, art historians examine the historical, social, and cultural significance art holds for its creators and users. The current faculty includes experts in American, Latin American, Islamic, Asian and European art and architecture, with specialties in visual and material culture of the late antique and medieval periods in Europe, the Islamic world, and South Asia, visual and material culture in the Middle East, Europe and the Americas from the 16th to the 21st centuries, as well as historiography, methodology and theory of art and visual and material culture since 1900. This commitment to diverse areas of inquiry is reflected in the curriculum, which enables students to experience a range of courses addressing global art history, with a goal to train art historians to have a broad understanding of the historical roots of the visual arts, the contemporary issues addressed by artists and the role of art in a world context.  The program seeks to enhance students’ understanding of both contemporary and past visual art forms through innovative uses of technology, research and teaching in the arts, providing continuing opportunities for intellectual development and career growth for students and faculty. Students who complete a degree in Art History at the College of Visual Arts & Design will develop a range of competencies that reflect the standards of the discipline and the pedagogical principles of the faculty. Graduates of the program understand past and contemporary visual art forms, can demonstrate knowledge of key monuments and objects within a breadth of discrete periods and regions of artistic production, know the history and literature of methodologies employed in art history, and are conversant in the key discourses, themes and issues associated with the global study of art history. They can employ the specialized vocabulary of the discipline and design and implement a successful research program (project) analyzing works of art using 1 or more methodologies. The competencies reflect the diverse teaching and research areas of the faculty as well as their commitment to preparing undergraduates for future graduate study in art history. The Art History undergraduate major thus prepares students for graduate study in the discipline, as well as for an array of jobs in the art world and beyond. The master's degree in Art History is a gateway to careers in museums and galleries, or future graduate study in preparation for an academic career. Follow us on Facebook! Student accomplishments Tim Garth Art Education PhD student Tim Garth is the recipient of a 2014-2015 National Arts Education Foundation Research Grant in the amount of $10,000 to support his dissertation work on Art Education Policy: Interpretation and the Negotiation of Praxis. Art Education and Art History Art Education Art Education PhD student Tim Garth is the recipient of a 2014-2015 National Arts Education Foundation Research Grant in the amount of $10,000 to support his dissertation work on Art Education Policy: Interpretation and the Negotiation of Praxis. All student accomplishments » Alumni accomplishments Bevin Butler Art History BA (2010) and MA (2012) alumna Bevin Butler presenting her paper "Mutilated Martyrs: Torture, Misogyny, and "Becoming Male" in an Antepedium of Virgin Martyrs" at the 2014 International Congress on Medieval Studies at Kalamazoo. Art Education and Art History Art History Art History BA (2010) and MA (2012) alumna Bevin Butler presenting her paper "Mutilated Martyrs: Torture, Misogyny, and "Becoming Male" in an Antepedium of Virgin Martyrs" at the 2014 International Congress on Medieval Studies at Kalamazoo. All alumni accomplishments »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 