 art   art history art cation art museum cation Art Museum Education Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art museum cation Art Museum Education Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art museum cation Art Museum Education Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art museum cation Art Museum Education Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art museum cation Art Museum Education Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art museum cation Art Museum Education Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art museum cation Art Museum Education Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art museum cation Art Museum Education Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art museum cation Art Museum Education Visual Arts Design art   art history art cation art museum cation Art Museum Education Visual Arts Design  Art Museum Education | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Art History Program Highlights B.A. M.A. Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Art Museum EducationThe programs in Art Museum Education take advantages of the unique strengths of the department faculty and the vast array of resources in the DFW area to offer students access to careers in the museum world. UNT is ideally situated for the study of art museum education. The North Texas area offers rich museum resources, bolstered by UNT's experienced faculty, established and new partnerships, cutting edge technology, and unique educator-training opportunities. The program offers both a Master's degree and a Graduate Academic Certificate in Art Museum Education. The Master's degree is a concentration within the Art Education M.A. and can be completed in 18 months. This degree is designed to provide a broad introduction to teaching and learning in art museum settings. It furthermore teaches how research informs museum education practice. Students completing this degree combine art education research and methods courses with courses specific to education within art museums (see below). They also complete an intensive internship at a partnering institution. For more information about the M.A. degree in Art Education with an emphasis in Art Museum Education, follow this link. The Graduate Certificate in Art Museum Education consists of 18 credit hours, including seminars in art museum education and a 6 credit hour museum internship. It is open to current University of North Texas graduate students and interested individuals, and is designed to provide professional training for those who desire careers in art museum education and expertise in the use of art museums as education resources for school educators. Designed to be pursued in conjunction with a graduate degree in art history, art education or studio, the certificate has a stellar record of job placement, and our graduates now work in museums throughout the United States. Eligibility for the graduate academic certificate program is extended to those who meet at least 1 of the following academic requirements: be a current student enrolled in a UNT graduate degree program in art education, art history or studio, hold a B.A. with at least 12 credit hours of post-baccalaureate graduate studies, or hold a master's or doctorate in art education, art history, studio, or related field. Art Museum Education Courses AEAH 5940 Seminar in Art Museums - Study of the functions of an art museum, including acquisition, authentication, conservation, exhibition, research, and collection management; history of art museums, and major art museum collections. Visits to North Texas area art museums and discussion/demonstrations with art museum staff. (3 credit hours) AEAH 5942 Seminar in Art Museum Education I - Applied study of the practice of art museum education. Emphasis on teaching, writing, and program development for multiple audiences in the art museum. (3 credit hours) AEAH 5945 Seminar in Art Museum Education II - Study of contemporary and historical issues regarding the educational function of art museums. Concentration on object-based learning, pedagogical theory, and audience identification. (3 credit hours) ART 5450 Internship in Art Museum Education - The internship provides practical experience leading toward specific goals as a junior staff member of an area art museum education department. Three hundred (300) clock hours are to be completed over the course of a summer semester or one long semester – 30 hours of which are devoted to documentation. Proposal, implementation, and evaluation will be jointly supervised by UNT faculty and a senior museum educator. (6 credit hours) Students pursuing the art museum education graduate certificate complete these courses plus: AEAH 5772 Critical Art Education - Examination of theoretical frameworks and current research in critical art education, with a particular emphasis on the relationship among art education, social inequality and change. (3 credit hours) Students pursuing the M.A. in Art Education with emphasis in Art Museum Education complete the above courses plus: AEAH 5772 Critical Art Education - Examination of theoretical frameworks and current research in critical art education, with a particular emphasis on the relationship among art education, social inequality and change. (3 credit hours) AEAH 5773 Curriculum and Assessment AEAH5763 Politics of Aesthetics AEAH5787 Introduction to Research in Art Education 9 Additional Hours - Specific classes depend upon whether a thesis or non-thesis option is chosen. Current UNT graduate students apply to the certificate here. Non-UNT applicants for the certificate must first apply for "graduate non-degree" admission to the UNT Toulouse School of Graduate Study using this link. Once admitted to non-degree status, apply as a UNT student here. For more information about Art Museum Education at the University of North Texas, contact Assistant Professor of Art Education, Dr. Laura Evans or the Department of Art Education and Art History at aeah@unt.edu For information regarding gainful employment data, visit the Toulouse Graduate School. Student accomplishments Jenna Gammon - Loomis Agency Internship Jenna Gammon is a creative digital intern for the The Loomis Agency in downtown Dallas. She works on advertising campaigns for companies such as Rug Doctor, Papa John's Pizza, Metro Mattress and many others. Art Education and Art History Interdisciplinary Art and Design Studies Jenna Gammon is a creative digital intern for the The Loomis Agency in downtown Dallas. She works on advertising campaigns for companies such as Rug Doctor, Papa John's Pizza, Metro Mattress and many others. All student accomplishments » Alumni accomplishments Danielle Naylor Congratulations to Danielle Naylor (MA Art Education, Art Museum Education Certificate) on her upcoming position as the Administrative and Programs Assistant at the Greater Denton Arts Council! She will provide support for the Executive Director, staff, board of directors, and GDAC educational efforts. She will assist with programming coordination and special events, and in recruiting, training, and scheduling of volunteers/interns. Art Education and Art History Interior Design Congratulations to Danielle Naylor (MA Art Education, Art Museum Education Certificate) on her upcoming position as the Administrative and Programs Assistant at the Greater Denton Arts Council! She will provide support for the Executive Director, staff, board of directors, and GDAC educational efforts. She will assist with programming coordination and special events, and in recruiting, training, and scheduling of volunteers/interns. All alumni accomplishments »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 