 art   future students inspiring opportunities Inspiring opportunities Visual Arts Design art   future students inspiring opportunities Inspiring opportunities Visual Arts Design art   future students inspiring opportunities Inspiring opportunities Visual Arts Design art   future students inspiring opportunities Inspiring opportunities Visual Arts Design art   future students inspiring opportunities Inspiring opportunities Visual Arts Design art   future students inspiring opportunities Inspiring opportunities Visual Arts Design art   future students inspiring opportunities Inspiring opportunities Visual Arts Design art   future students inspiring opportunities Inspiring opportunities Visual Arts Design art   future students inspiring opportunities Inspiring opportunities Visual Arts Design art   future students inspiring opportunities Inspiring opportunities Visual Arts Design  Inspiring opportunities | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Through our active exhibition program, students of all disciplines enjoy the opportunity to display their work. Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Finding Success in the Art World Preview Day 2017 Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Inspiring opportunitiesAs a student in the College of Visual Arts and Design, you’ll develop the skills you need to launch your career. “The visiting artist lecture series introduced me to inspiring world-class artists. It exposed me to professionals who are making their own rules when it comes to self-employment, which has expanded my view on making money doing what I love.” Maria Razo Printmaking student Designing new solutions Students with a thirst for creation find their purpose in one of our Design degrees, which include the professional disciplines of Communication Design, Fashion Design and Interior Design. Our design classes stress ideation and collaboration and give you the opportunity to work with award-winning faculty members. You also will enjoy access to unique resources, such as the Texas Fashion Collection, a museum quality collection of 20,000 garments. Preserving the future of art Our programs in Visual Art Studies (teacher preparation) and Art History are ideal for students who are passionate about preserving and cultivating art. While students in our Visual Art Studies program work with local schools to develop the skills they need to teach art, Art History scholars benefit from our unique relationship with area art museums to get hands-on experience before they graduate. For students continuing their studies in art, we offer an M.A. in Art History and an M.A. and Ph.D. in Art Education. Developing the next generation of professional artists Artists in our Studio Art program enjoy a free exchange of ideas that sets the stage for extraordinary achievement. Within the Studio Art program you can choose among the diverse fields of Ceramics, Drawing & Painting, Fibers, Metalsmithing & Jewelry, New Media Art, Photography, Printmaking and Sculpture to find the right outlet for your creativity. You will work with professionally active faculty members and enrich your education through our many galleries and visiting artist programs.   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 