 art   future students graduate degree programs Graduate degree programs Visual Arts Design art   future students graduate degree programs Graduate degree programs Visual Arts Design art   future students graduate degree programs Graduate degree programs Visual Arts Design art   future students graduate degree programs Graduate degree programs Visual Arts Design art   future students graduate degree programs Graduate degree programs Visual Arts Design art   future students graduate degree programs Graduate degree programs Visual Arts Design art   future students graduate degree programs Graduate degree programs Visual Arts Design art   future students graduate degree programs Graduate degree programs Visual Arts Design art   future students graduate degree programs Graduate degree programs Visual Arts Design art   future students graduate degree programs Graduate degree programs Visual Arts Design  Graduate degree programs | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Supportive and constructive critique helps you to identify your strengths and improve your work. Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Finding Success in the Art World Preview Day 2017 Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Graduate degree programsFostering excellence “As the only Ph.D. Art Education program in the state of Texas, UNT is able to attract some of the most dynamic instructors in the field. I feel very privileged to be able to work with faculty who are dedicated to my professional development and to the field of art education.” Dave Herman Art Education Ph.D. student M.A. programs: Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Design Design Research Interaction Design Interior Design for Sustainability M.F.A. programs: Studio Art Ceramics Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Design Fashion Design Design Research Interior Design Ph.D. programs: Art Education Embracing research in art and design At the Design Research Center in downtown Dallas, graduate students develop design-driven solutions to contemporary problems. Our new master’s degree in Interior Design for Sustainability is offered at the Design Research Center to allow collaboration between graduate students and an active design community. Through our participation in research activities, which also includes xREZ Art and Science Lab, a unique blending of research and creative studio practice, the College of Visual Arts and Design supports an environment of collaboration and exploration that’s critical for graduate students. Save Save Save   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 