 art   future students paying your cation Paying for your cation Visual Arts Design art   future students paying your cation Paying for your cation Visual Arts Design art   future students paying your cation Paying for your cation Visual Arts Design art   future students paying your cation Paying for your cation Visual Arts Design art   future students paying your cation Paying for your cation Visual Arts Design art   future students paying your cation Paying for your cation Visual Arts Design art   future students paying your cation Paying for your cation Visual Arts Design art   future students paying your cation Paying for your cation Visual Arts Design art   future students paying your cation Paying for your cation Visual Arts Design art   future students paying your cation Paying for your cation Visual Arts Design  Paying for your education | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements By joining student organizations such as Parallax, our fine art photography club, you can develop your skills and meet other students who share your interests. Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Finding Success in the Art World Preview Day 2017 Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Paying for your educationYour dreams are within reach UNT provides a traditional college experience and the quality of a private university at an affordable cost. We’ve been named one of America’s 100 Best College Buys® for 21 consecutive years. Above the rest for thousands less UNT’s new Eagle Express Tuition Plan is the most popular alternative tuition program in the state, letting you lock in your total academic costs and save up to $4,000 when you graduate on time. By the numbers About 75 percent of UNT students receive financial aid and scholarships totaling more than $350 million annually. This includes more than $40 million in scholarships. To receive first consideration, submit the FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid) before UNT’s March 15 priority deadline for scholarship consideration. The admissions application deadline is March 1. Types of assistance: Scholarships — funds awarded based on merit and/or need; no repayment required Grants — funds awarded based on need; no repayment required Loans — funds that must be repaid at some point Student employment — 3,200 jobs on campus and 8,500 off campus Visit the UNT Office of Student Financial Aid and Scholarships website to learn more. » College of Visual Arts and Design Scholarships The UNT College of Visual Arts and Designs awards many merit scholarships for both new and continuing students, which are awarded based on your submitted application and samples of your work. Visit our undergraduate financial aid and scholarships page. » Get information about our graduate funding. »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 