 art   admissions prospective student advising orientation Prospective Students Orientation Visual Arts Design art   admissions prospective student advising orientation Prospective Students Orientation Visual Arts Design art   admissions prospective student advising orientation Prospective Students Orientation Visual Arts Design art   admissions prospective student advising orientation Prospective Students Orientation Visual Arts Design art   admissions prospective student advising orientation Prospective Students Orientation Visual Arts Design art   admissions prospective student advising orientation Prospective Students Orientation Visual Arts Design art   admissions prospective student advising orientation Prospective Students Orientation Visual Arts Design art   admissions prospective student advising orientation Prospective Students Orientation Visual Arts Design art   admissions prospective student advising orientation Prospective Students Orientation Visual Arts Design art   admissions prospective student advising orientation Prospective Students Orientation Visual Arts Design  Prospective Students & Orientation | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Prospective Students & OrientationInterested in Art at UNT? The College of Visual Arts and Design welcomes prospective students to meet with an academic advisor/counselor to discuss degree program options and transfer coursework that could be applicable towards an art major. The appointment is scheduled for an hour-long session. There is no need to bring a portfolio of your art work; however, if you have completed any transfer coursework, an unofficial copy of your transcript would be helpful during the prospective student advising session. To schedule an appointment, prospective transfer students should contact our Student Services office at 940-565-2216 or email artadviseasst@unt.edu. Orientation and Advising UNT Admissions allows prospective students to access general information regarding admission standards, application processes and deadlines, tuition and fees, and new student orientations. All undergraduate students, including new CVAD students, are required to attend new student orientation and participate in academic advisement prior to their first enrollment at UNT. CVAD faculty and/or professional advisors are available at orientation to answer questions and to help with course selection and program choices. To learn more about orientation, visit UNT's Orientation website. Transfer students should be prepared to show transcripts and catalog course descriptions from previous schools. If you have transfer credits from previous schools, we highly recommend a scheduling a prospective student advisement appointment or contacting an Art advisor/counselor to e-mail catalog course descriptions in advance of your orientation session. To determine your advisor/counselor, see the Student Services directory. Students who have completed courses beyond the art core courses (Design I and II, Drawing I and II, Art Appreciation and Art History Survey I and II) at other schools may be asked to show a portfolio before enrollment in courses in their major, as some majors require all students to participate in a formal entry review. While the Graduate School does not require post baccalaureate students who are second bachelor's degree candidates to attend orientation, we strongly recommend that such students participate in CVAD orientation, which includes an opportunity to consult faculty about degree program(s) of interest. For more information regarding orientation and advising, you may call the Student Services Advising office at 940-565-2216 or email artadviseasst@unt.edu.   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 