 art   articles announcements Announcements Visual Arts Design art   articles announcements Announcements Visual Arts Design art   articles announcements Announcements Visual Arts Design art   articles announcements Announcements Visual Arts Design art   articles announcements Announcements Visual Arts Design art   articles announcements Announcements Visual Arts Design art   articles announcements Announcements Visual Arts Design art   articles announcements Announcements Visual Arts Design art   articles announcements Announcements Visual Arts Design art   articles announcements Announcements Visual Arts Design  Announcements | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Announcements UNT CVAD welcomes Binod Shrestha as new Director of the Foundations Program Tuesday, May 09, 2017 - 05:09pm UNT College of Visual Arts & Design is pleased to announce that Binod Shrestha will be joining us this summer in a new position for CVAD. In addition to his role as Associate Professor of Studio Art, Shrestha will be the inaugural Director of the studio-based (Drawing and Design) Foundations Program in the College. His role there will be to support and lead the program, ensure that the program... UNT CVAD welcomes Lauren Lake as new chair of Dept of Studio Art Thursday, May 04, 2017 - 03:19pm UNT College of Visual Arts & Design is pleased to announce that Lauren Lake will be joining us this summer as the new chair of the Studio Art department. We would like to thank Associate Dean Baxter and the Search Committee for their efforts in conducting the search and to all of the individuals who participated in the on-campus interview process. ArtWear Fashion Show: May 6, 2017 Monday, April 10, 2017 - 11:44am Alicia Eggert, Safwat Saleem - work named finalist of Fast Company's World Changing Ideas Awards Wednesday, March 22, 2017 - 10:59am Congratulations to The Future, just named a finalist of Fast Company's premiere World Changing Ideas Awards. UNT Sculpture Outdoor Sculpture Exhibition Wednesday, March 22, 2017 - 10:57am Fulbright Student Info Session Wednesday, March 22, 2017 - 10:17am Would you like a grant to cover one academic year of graduate study, research or professional training abroad? Join us for Fulbright Fridays. Introduction to the Fulbright U.S. Student Program:Amanda White Bennett, Director of Global Partnerships and Research Engagement, UNT-International and UNT's Fulbright Program Advisor and Scholar Liaison Interior Design Majors: Pre-Enrollment Meeting Tuesday, March 21, 2017 - 11:27am ADES 1625 students, for those of you interested in becoming an Interior Design major, there will be an informational meeting. At the meeting we will discuss: Congrats to Nada Shabout, listed as an "Influential Female Art Historian" Friday, March 17, 2017 - 03:29pm Congratulations to Dr. Nada Shabout, Professor of Art History and Coordinator of Contemporary Arab and Muslim Cultural Studies Initiative at UNT College of Visual Arts & Design. Dr. The Business of Art: Markets for Visual Artists Friday, March 17, 2017 - 11:54am Learn about current markets for visual artists and makers. Guest speakers and panelists will include: Open House with Jeffrey Dell Friday, March 10, 2017 - 11:59am P.R.I.N.T announces their upcoming Open House event. Pages123456789…next ›last »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 