 art   current students graduate financial aid Graduate Financial Aid Visual Arts Design art   current students graduate financial aid Graduate Financial Aid Visual Arts Design art   current students graduate financial aid Graduate Financial Aid Visual Arts Design art   current students graduate financial aid Graduate Financial Aid Visual Arts Design art   current students graduate financial aid Graduate Financial Aid Visual Arts Design art   current students graduate financial aid Graduate Financial Aid Visual Arts Design art   current students graduate financial aid Graduate Financial Aid Visual Arts Design art   current students graduate financial aid Graduate Financial Aid Visual Arts Design art   current students graduate financial aid Graduate Financial Aid Visual Arts Design art   current students graduate financial aid Graduate Financial Aid Visual Arts Design  Graduate Financial Aid | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Graduate Financial AidFellowship and Assistantships The College of Visual Arts and Design (CVAD) has approximately 100  teaching fellowships and assistantships available each long semester to graduate students who are pursuing a degree in one of our programs and who are interested in teaching or work experience. Currently enrolled graduate students or students who are newly accepted into the graduate program with no deficiencies or leveling are eligible to apply. To find more information and to apply, see Fellowships and Assistantships. UNT Doctoral and Master's Fellowships The Toulouse School of Graduate Studies annually awards a number of generous fellowships to new doctoral and master's students. Eligibility for these fellowships is limited to students nominated by academic departments and programs from among new students beginning their doctoral or master’s degree coursework in the fall semester. Specific information is available on the Toulouse Graduate School web page. Scholarships for Graduate Students In addition to scholarships awarded through CVAD, graduate scholarships are awarded through the Toulouse Graduate School. A limited number of scholarships are also awarded to graduate students by Student Financial Aid and Scholarships. Tuition Waivers CVAD offers a limited number of tuition-waiver fellowships for students enrolled in terminal degree programs (Ph.D. and M.F.A.). These fellowships are supplemented by teaching assistantships or teaching fellowships. Consult the Art Education and Art History, Design or Studio Art department office for more information about these or other awards.  Onstead Fellowship The Jody and Charles Onstead Master Fellows Fund supports selected M.A. Art Education students with full tuition (9 hours per semester) and fees, as well as other educational expenses for 1 year, with the possibility of re-application for a second year. The monetary value of the fellowship currently exceeds $19,000 per academic year. The fellowship supports outstanding Master of Arts graduate students who intend to pursue careers in art education. All Art Education M.A. applicants and continuing M.A. students are eligible. For more information, visit Art Education: Visual Art Studies. Grants and Loans Information regarding grants and loans available to graduate students is available through Students Scholarships and Financial Aid.   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 