 art   current students funding awards projects Funding Awards for Student Projects Activities Visual Arts Design art   current students funding awards projects Funding Awards for Student Projects Activities Visual Arts Design art   current students funding awards projects Funding Awards for Student Projects Activities Visual Arts Design art   current students funding awards projects Funding Awards for Student Projects Activities Visual Arts Design art   current students funding awards projects Funding Awards for Student Projects Activities Visual Arts Design art   current students funding awards projects Funding Awards for Student Projects Activities Visual Arts Design art   current students funding awards projects Funding Awards for Student Projects Activities Visual Arts Design art   current students funding awards projects Funding Awards for Student Projects Activities Visual Arts Design art   current students funding awards projects Funding Awards for Student Projects Activities Visual Arts Design art   current students funding awards projects Funding Awards for Student Projects Activities Visual Arts Design  Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Funding & Awards for Student Projects & ActivitiesThe College of Visual Art and Design (CVAD) now has funding available through the generous support of a number of its donors and friends to support undergraduate and graduate students through financial award opportunities. These award opportunities were created to directly assist students towards finishing creative projects or scholarly research, presenting at conferences or mounting an exhibition of work, or with the expenses of study abroad or an internship opportunity. Additionally, CVAD awards the Nicholas and Anna Ricco Ethics Awards Scholarship (below) annually to the leading CVAD student proponent of ethical behavior and concepts. Deadlines are posted for each individual award. Please check back periodically, as we will update the award information as new funding opportunities become available. CVAD Student Project Award Fund An award fund has been created through the generosity of donors such as Paul Voertman to provide funds for projects (including materials), study abroad, conferences, presentations, research opportunities, and internships (among other possibilities) that enrich the education and opportunities of CVAD students. Awards of up to $2,500 will be granted based on the educational or professional impact of the opportunity to the student, the department, the college, and/or the university. These grants will require a minimum of $100 in matching funds. Deadline:Must apply by Friday, October 6, 2017. Download the 2017 Student Project Award Fund application If you have any questions, feel free to stop by ART 214B to speak to Jerry Aul or email him at jerry.aul@unt.edu. Onstead Institute/Crow Collection Fellowship in Museum Education This fellowship is generously funded through the Onstead Institute and the Crow Collection of Asian Art. The fellow will receive $8,200 in payments of $4,100 per semester. Eligibility Applicants must be currently enrolled graduate students at the University of North Texas and have completed at least one art museum education course in the Department of Art Education and Art History. Preferred candidates will have some experience in museums or as educators. Download details and application instructions here. Application and materials must be received 5 pm on Monday, April 3, 2017. Nicholas + Anna Ricco Ethics Award Thanks to the generosity of Nicholas and Anna Ricco, a $1,000 award will be given annually to the leading CVAD student proponent of ethical behavior and concepts. A student may only receive this recognition 1 time. Any student or professor may nominate a current, full-time CVAD student for his or her demonstrated deep understanding of ethical behavior as required by the student's discipline both in school and in the realities of daily activities. Students may have demonstrated this understanding of ethics in the context of a course; a project, paper, or works of art; through extracurricular activities; or through personal interactions with his or her professor. Deadline: January 31, 2017 at 11:59 p.m.  Contact:Please contact Dr. James Mueller, Professor, Mayborn School of Journalism, by email at jmueller@unt.edu or by calling 950-565-3757 with any questions. Guidelines and application for undergraduates here.Guidelines and application for graduates here.   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 