 art   current students student organizations Student Organizations Visual Arts Design art   current students student organizations Student Organizations Visual Arts Design art   current students student organizations Student Organizations Visual Arts Design art   current students student organizations Student Organizations Visual Arts Design art   current students student organizations Student Organizations Visual Arts Design art   current students student organizations Student Organizations Visual Arts Design art   current students student organizations Student Organizations Visual Arts Design art   current students student organizations Student Organizations Visual Arts Design art   current students student organizations Student Organizations Visual Arts Design art   current students student organizations Student Organizations Visual Arts Design  Student Organizations | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Student Organizations ASID (American Society of Interior Designers) Interior Design program Blog The UNT chapter for the American Society of Interior Designers participates in local charity events, social events, shows, competitions and a professional mentorship program for upperclassmen and a mentorship program for freshmen and sophomores. This program will pair the lower classmen with a junior or senior in order to provide support and advice on portfolio reviews, classes, projects and more. Art History Society Art History Society website and Facebook Group The purpose of the Art History Society at the University of North Texas is to foster the appreciation of artworks and art criticism. The Society extends membership to all currently enrolled UNT students and encourages scholars of all disciplines. The Society meets for group discussions, museum field trips and art lectures. Clay Guild Clay Guild on Facebook The Clay Guild has 25+ active members. It sponsors workshops such as the 4-day wood fire workshop coming this year. The Guild raises over $10,000 a year in support of visiting artists, and to help students attend NCECA through donations from businesses and sales. Metals Club UNT Metals Club on Facebook The Metals Club is an organization that started in 2005. There are 20+ active members that have passionate interests in metals. The Club sponsors jewelry sales/fundraisers at least once a semester that feature metal designs and other types of jewelry as a means of promoting their artwork and raising enough money to support visiting artists. NAEA NAEA Student Chapter on Facebook Graduate Art Education Students on Facebook The UNT Student Chapter of the National Art Education Association is a group of like minded students who think that art plays an important role in the lives of individuals. The organization as a whole is committed to supporting this belief through their voice and actions. Membership dues are $7 per semester. Parallax Photography Club Parallax page on Facebook Parallax Group on Facebook Photography student organization. Printmaking Association of North Texas Students (PANTS) PANTS on Facebook The Printmaking Association is a UNT student group that promotes printmaking within the DFW-Denton area. We do this through gallery shows, visiting artists, workshops, volunteering, collaborative projects, awarding scholarships, museum and conference field trips, print sales and print trades. Painting and Drawing Association (PDA) Painting and Drawing Association of UNT Facebook Group Sculpture Collective Sculpture Collective on Facebook The Sculpture Collective is a group for UNT students who enjoy working in 3-D.   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 