 art   current students it computer labs IT Computer Labs Visual Arts Design art   current students it computer labs IT Computer Labs Visual Arts Design art   current students it computer labs IT Computer Labs Visual Arts Design art   current students it computer labs IT Computer Labs Visual Arts Design art   current students it computer labs IT Computer Labs Visual Arts Design art   current students it computer labs IT Computer Labs Visual Arts Design art   current students it computer labs IT Computer Labs Visual Arts Design art   current students it computer labs IT Computer Labs Visual Arts Design art   current students it computer labs IT Computer Labs Visual Arts Design art   current students it computer labs IT Computer Labs Visual Arts Design  IT & Computer Labs | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD IT & Computer LabsThe CVAD Student Computing Lab is located in room 232 of the Art Building, on the northeast corner of the UNT main campus. The lab is open to all currently enrolled UNT students, as well as active faculty and staff. Anyone who wishes to use the lab must first present a UNT ID to be admitted access. Our computer lab is a part of the UNT Student Computing Lab system, and as such, follows the established SCL Policies and Procedures. CVAD also operates computer classrooms in Art Building (rooms 233, 313, and 338; Curry Hall 315 and Oak Street Hall (Photo) for use by CVAD students in specific classes.  In addition, an open study room and Teaching Assistant/Adjunct office lab is operated in ART 231.  CVAD students and faculty may check out computer equipment in this room.   All CVAD and CVAD operated labs feature current dual platform Macintosh equipment.  Black and white printing is available to all UNT studetns in the Student Computing Lab. Color laser and large format printers are available to all currently enrolled CVAD students. CVAD regularly replaces equipment in all labs every three years to assure student access to the best equipment and software. CVAD and General Access Computer Lab Hours Regular semester operating hours are: Monday-Friday: 7:30 a.m.-11 p.m. Saturday-Sunday: Noon-10 p.m. Hours may be different for summer and holidays. For current hours, visit CVAD Lab's Facebook page.   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 