 art   articles opportunities Opportunities Visual Arts Design art   articles opportunities Opportunities Visual Arts Design art   articles opportunities Opportunities Visual Arts Design art   articles opportunities Opportunities Visual Arts Design art   articles opportunities Opportunities Visual Arts Design art   articles opportunities Opportunities Visual Arts Design art   articles opportunities Opportunities Visual Arts Design art   articles opportunities Opportunities Visual Arts Design art   articles opportunities Opportunities Visual Arts Design art   articles opportunities Opportunities Visual Arts Design  Opportunities | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Opportunities Student Asst Jobs: UNT CVAD's IT Department Monday, May 08, 2017 - 04:44pm UNT College of Visual Arts & Design's Information Technology Department has openings for the following student assistant positions: Job ID/Title:41651/IT Assistant (HR-1226) Job Location:UNT CVAD IT Dept CVAD Computer Lab is Hiring! Friday, May 05, 2017 - 04:31pm Would you like to work in the UNT CVAD Computer Lab this summer? We're hiring student assistant lab techs! Call for Volunteers: Kimbell Teen Night Wednesday, May 03, 2017 - 11:14am The Kimbell Art Museum invites you to volunteer for their second annual Kimbell Teen Night! They are seeking local college students with a passion for art, art history, and education to help with this exciting teen-only event. Designed by teens, for teens! Luminaria Volunteers Needed Thursday, March 30, 2017 - 09:23am The UNT Fine Arts Series is hosting an amazing arts-related event, called a Luminarium. The luminarium offers a dazzling maze of winding paths and soaring domes where Islamic architecture, Archimedean solids and Gothic cathedrals meld into an inspiring monument to the beauty of light and color, and where visitors can happily lose themselves. To read more about the luminarium from Architects of Air... Invisible Ink Studio: Rental space on the square in Denton Friday, March 10, 2017 - 02:49pm There's a new natural light studio space coming to the Denton Square in April, thanks to UNT Alumni Ashlee Russ (BBA, 2003), studio owner. Deadline Extended: Onstead Institute/Crow Collection Fellowship in Museum Education Wednesday, March 08, 2017 - 01:57pm The deadline has been extended to apply for the Onstead Institute/Crow Collection Fellowship in Museum Education. This fellowship is generously funded through the Onstead Institute and the Crow Collection of Asian Art. The fellow will receive $8,200 in payments of $4,100 per semester. Eligibility: Call for Entry: Sustainability Monday, March 06, 2017 - 12:17pm The Thoughtful Hands organization has announced a call for entry. Submission Deadline:Monday, March 27, 2017Selected artists will be notified on Wednesday, April 5, 2017. Artwork must be received by April 14, 2017. Artwork will be returned the week of May 15th. Exhibition Title:There is No "Away" McNay Art Museum Internships Friday, March 03, 2017 - 11:45am Semmes Foundation Internship in Museum Studies Perot Museum Internships Thursday, March 02, 2017 - 04:39pm Perot Museum of Nature and Science internships provide an opportunity for current undergraduate and post-graduate students to build professional and educational skills while providing service to the community. Part-time Photographer/Graphic Designer Position with Barse Jewelry Wednesday, March 01, 2017 - 12:58pm Barse Jewelry's award-winning women’s jewelry company has a part-time position available for an in-house photographer/graphic designer. Their company designs and manufactures jewelry for major department stores and electronic retailers. As photographer/graphic designer, the focus is primarily on visual presentation of web and printed materials, both internally and at a B2B and retail level. Pages123456789…next ›last »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 