 admissions   freshman Freshman Admissions Admissions  admissions   freshman Freshman Admissions Admissions  admissions   freshman Freshman Admissions Admissions  admissions   freshman Freshman Admissions Admissions  admissions   freshman Freshman Admissions Admissions  admissions   freshman Freshman Admissions Admissions  admissions   freshman Freshman Admissions Admissions  admissions   freshman Freshman Admissions Admissions  admissions   freshman Freshman Admissions Admissions  admissions   freshman Freshman Admissions Admissions   Freshman Admissions | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us #IAMUNT   Freshman Admissions If you’re ready to learn more about how to get the best educational experience in Texas, you’re in the right place. We’re here to help you take the next steps to join the Class of 2021. This is exciting stuff — just look at the faces of your future lab partner, roommate or best friend showing off their acceptance letters. We can’t wait to add yours! It's easy to apply! View our admission requirements Apply online Submit your application materials Apply for scholarships & financial aid Learn more Why UNT? Discover why UNT should be at the top of your list on our website for future freshmen Will I get in? View our admissions requirements How do I prepare for college? Improve your chances of being admitted and receiving financial awards How do I apply? How and when to apply for admission to UNT How much will UNT cost? Get info about tuition plans, attendance costs and ways to pay for college How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? Let us guide you through the application process for scholarships and financial aid How will I know if I'm accepted? What to expect after you've applied and how to check your application status I'm accepted! Now what do I do? Attend orientation, find a dorm, sign up for a meal plan, make new friends and more Apply Now Complete your UNT application at applytexas.org Take a Tour Come see our beautiful campus for yourself Get More Info Sign up for UNT information customized for you Meet with Us Come to us or we'll come to you Talk to Us Contact your Admissions Counselor Topquestionsbyfreshmen Where can I find the UNT General Scholarship Application? How much is the admission application fee? When should I apply for admission? How do I check the status of my application for admission? What is UNT's college code? Can I be admitted without taking the SAT or ACT? Does UNT accept homeschooled students? Where do I send my transcripts? What undergraduate degrees does UNT offer? How do I apply for a second bachelor’s degree? What is orientation and why is it mandatory? What are the recommended high school courses for freshmen applicants? I have my GED. Can I apply to UNT? What is the Clery Act and how do I view annual reports about campus safety? Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 