 art   galleries institutes Galleries Institutes Visual Arts Design art   galleries institutes Galleries Institutes Visual Arts Design art   galleries institutes Galleries Institutes Visual Arts Design art   galleries institutes Galleries Institutes Visual Arts Design art   galleries institutes Galleries Institutes Visual Arts Design art   galleries institutes Galleries Institutes Visual Arts Design art   galleries institutes Galleries Institutes Visual Arts Design art   galleries institutes Galleries Institutes Visual Arts Design art   galleries institutes Galleries Institutes Visual Arts Design art   galleries institutes Galleries Institutes Visual Arts Design  Galleries & Institutes | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Galleries & InstitutesInstitutes and Centers Contemporary Arab and Muslim Cultural Studies Initiative (CAMCSI) Design Research Collaborative (DRC) Onstead Institute Print Research Insitute of North Texas (P.R.I.N.T.) Texas Fashion Collection (TFC) CVAD Visual Resources Programs The University of North Texas Art in Public Places program (AiPP) was initiated by the UNT President’s office in 2009 and is administered by the Art in Public Places committee. The AiPP committee oversees both, the maintenance and care of the collection, but also advises Project Managers of the Percent for Art program, which was established in 2010.  To read more about the Percent for Art program and to create a profile on the UNT Artist Registry and be considered for upcoming projects, visit the Registration Page. To view highlights of the AiPP collection and see the self-guided tour brochure, Art Path, visit the UNT Art Galleries website. Galleries The University of North Texas College of Visual Arts and Design galleries support the educational mission of the university, enrich the aesthetic environment of the community and serve as a cultural resource for the public at large. Through their focus on curatorial projects involving vanguard contemporary art, the galleries challenge and promote the current discourse surrounding living artists and their works. University of North Texas Art Gallery The University of North Texas Art Gallery presents curatorial and installation projects that challenge and promote discourse surrounding living artists and their work. Hours, directions, parking and contact information » UNT ArtSpace Dallas UNT ArtSpace Dallas is a showcase facility for visionary projects initiated by CVAD students, alumni, faculty and centers, institutes, and collections. Innovative in outlook, UNT ArtSpace Dallas offers artists opportunities to present experimental, pivotal and breakthrough projects, and serves to build connections between UNT and the Dallas arts and civic communities. Hours, directions, parking and contact information » Lightwell Gallery The Lightwell Gallery is a student-run gallery that not only serves as a venue for weekly rotating exhibitions of student work throughout the academic year, but has also been known for hosting impromptu performances, critiques and discussions. Hours, directions, parking and contact information » Cora Stafford Gallery Cora Stafford Gallery is a bi-level exhibition space featuring CVAD MFA exhibitions and faculty-led class projects, such as the bi-annual Senior Drawing and Painting, Senior Watercolor and Senior Photography shows. In addition, this space provides a venue for experimental and collaborative student-organized exhibitions and visiting artist workshops, rotating weekly throughout the academic year. Hours, directions, parking and contact information » Parking for UNT CVAD Art Galleries Hourly parking is available at the parking garage (corner of Welch and Prairie streets) or metered parking at the southwest corner of Mulberry and Welch. A visitor's permit, allowing parking directly behind the Art Building, and a campus map may be obtained at the Visitors Parking Information booth located in front of the Gateway Center, exit 35E at North Texas Blvd. (Ave. D) or by calling 940-565-3020. Park free on campus on weekends, unless otherwise posted (for example, in dormitory lots). For more information, please email us or call 940-565-4005. See UNT on the Square and the Union Gallery for additional UNT gallery schedules.   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 