 art   about cvad About CVAD Visual Arts Design art   about cvad About CVAD Visual Arts Design art   about cvad About CVAD Visual Arts Design art   about cvad About CVAD Visual Arts Design art   about cvad About CVAD Visual Arts Design art   about cvad About CVAD Visual Arts Design art   about cvad About CVAD Visual Arts Design art   about cvad About CVAD Visual Arts Design art   about cvad About CVAD Visual Arts Design art   about cvad About CVAD Visual Arts Design  About CVAD | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Contact CVAD Job Openings Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD About CVADWelcome to the College of Visual Arts and Design (CVAD) at the University of North Texas (UNT)!  We hope that you find our website informative, whether you simply want to know more about us or whether you are interested in our degree programs, our areas of expertise or our excellent facilities.  Academic Programs and Environment We have one of the nation’s most comprehensive visual arts schools at a public university, offering 30 undergraduate and graduate degree programs and concentrations in areas ranging from art history to communication design to new media. The college includes several institutes and centers, as well as art galleries to showcase student and professional work. CVAD offers the first and only Ph.D. program in art education in Texas and a MFA program ranked 23rd nationally among public universities. CVAD is home to some of the highest rated art and design programs in the southern United States. Faculty and Students The College of Visual Arts and Design at the University of North Texas is a dynamic community of over 2,200 people, including 2,100 students and over 125 faculty and staff members.  Our students, faculty and staff come to UNT from all over the world. The University and Region A student-focused public research university with an emphasis on sustainability, UNT is the nation’s 24th largest public university and the largest, most comprehensive in the Dallas-Fort Worth area. It is dedicated to providing an excellent educational experience to its 36,000 students while powering the North Texas region through innovative education and research. UNT’s ultimate mission is to give a green light to greatness by helping its students, region, state and nation excel. Visit the Art Building For directions to the Art Building, click here.   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 