 art   about cvad history college History of the College Visual Arts Design art   about cvad history college History of the College Visual Arts Design art   about cvad history college History of the College Visual Arts Design art   about cvad history college History of the College Visual Arts Design art   about cvad history college History of the College Visual Arts Design art   about cvad history college History of the College Visual Arts Design art   about cvad history college History of the College Visual Arts Design art   about cvad history college History of the College Visual Arts Design art   about cvad history college History of the College Visual Arts Design art   about cvad history college History of the College Visual Arts Design  History of the College | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Contact CVAD Job Openings Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD History of the CollegeArt has been a vital part of UNT since it was first taught in 1894, just 4 years after the institution was founded. Dr. Cora Stafford, an imaginative leader who served on the faculty and as director for 4 decades before retiring in 1964, played a major role in guiding the art program to the reputation it maintains today. Determined to keep the program aligned with new ideas, she hired young innovators on the faculty. These included James Prestini and Gyorgy Kepes, 2 early proponents in the United States of the Bauhaus system which endeavored to relate a new design approach to the world of technology and craft. Also on the faculty were Carlos Merida, the internationally known Guatemalan painter and muralist, as well as Octavio Medellin, the celebrated Mexican sculptor and painter. Students included Ray Gough, who became a noted interior designer and UNT professor, and O'Neil Ford, who became 1 of Texas' most famous architects. Master’s degrees were initiated in the 1930s and the first M.S. degree in art was awarded in 1937 to Ms. Ann Bookman Williams, a long-time art teacher in the campus demonstration school. UNT's modern art program has been 1 of continual growth. After World War II, professional programs in advertising art, fashion design and interior design supplemented traditional studio and art education programs. Following an extensive study of the arts in Texas by the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board in the 1960s, UNT was designated as a major visual arts program in the state and was approved to offer the B.F.A., M.F.A. and Ph.D. degrees beginning in 1971. With the Southwest's demographic population shift in the late 1970s and early 1980s, enrollment increased dramatically. At the same time, the department's comprehensive art programs were being recognized for their quality. By the mid-1980s, to meet the challenges of the future, the Department of Art faculty began discussing the possibility of reclassification as a separate school apart from the College of Arts and Sciences. An arts model for this already existed on campus in UNT’s world-renowned College of Music. A School of Visual Arts Advisory Board was formed with the assistance of Dallas businessman Raymond D. Nasher, Kimbell Art Museum director Ted Pillsbury, and members of the art and education community. That vision turned to reality in 1992 when the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board reclassified the Department of Art as the School of Visual Arts (SOVA). In 2007, yet another formal stage of growth in the School and University was recognized when SOVA became the College of Visual Arts and Design (CVAD). Today, CVAD is one of the nation's largest and most comprehensive visual arts programs, with more than 2,000 students enrolled. The 21st century has brought major changes not only in population but also cultural facilities to the Dallas-Fort Worth region. The Dallas Arts District, the nation’s newest and largest, is complemented by the Museum District in Fort Worth. The Dragon Street, Deep Ellum and Bishop Arts Districts in Dallas blossom with commercial galleries, many of which are directed by and/or feature CVAD graduates. The Dallas and Fort Worth art and design communities provide students with valuable resources and expanded learning opportunities. Advertising, fashion, and interior design businesses, along with product design and retail establishments, as well as a wide variety of K–12 educational environments and government and non-governmental agencies provide partnership opportunities. CVAD graduates play leadership roles in museums, design companies and education agencies throughout the area. CVAD’s academic programs are supported by research institutes including the Onstead Institute, the Print Research Institute of North Texas (P.R.I.N.T. Press), the Texas Fashion Collection (TFC), the Design Research Collaborative in Dallas (DRC), and the Contemporary Arab and Muslim Cultural Studies Institute (CAMCSI), as well as an extensive visiting artist/scholar program. The UNT Galleries operate 3 student galleries on campus, a main gallery on campus and a gallery in Dallas. The UNT’s Institute for the Advancement of the Arts, Art in Public Places Program and UNT on the Square exhibition and performance facility enhance these opportunities.   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 