 admissions   transfer Transfer Admissions Admissions  admissions   transfer Transfer Admissions Admissions  admissions   transfer Transfer Admissions Admissions  admissions   transfer Transfer Admissions Admissions  admissions   transfer Transfer Admissions Admissions  admissions   transfer Transfer Admissions Admissions  admissions   transfer Transfer Admissions Admissions  admissions   transfer Transfer Admissions Admissions  admissions   transfer Transfer Admissions Admissions  admissions   transfer Transfer Admissions Admissions   Transfer Admissions | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us   Transfer Admissions You’ve reached an important point in your college life. It’s time to move from where you are to where you want to be. UNT is here to help you every step of the way. Our Transfer Counselors will guide you, our 100 bachelor’s degree options will open doors to opportunity and our brand-new resources will show you a clear path to success. It's easy to apply! View our admission requirements Apply online Submit your application materials Apply for scholarships & financial aid Learn more Why UNT? Discover why UNT should be at the top of your list on our website for transfer students Will I get in? View our admissions requirements How do I prepare to transfer? Answers to how your credits will transfer to UNT and more How do I apply? How and when to apply for admission to UNT How much will UNT cost? Get info about tuition plans, attendance costs and ways to pay for college How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? Let us guide you through the application process for scholarships and financial aid How will I know if I'm accepted? What to expect after you've applied and how to check your application status I'm accepted! Now what do I do? Attend orientation, find a dorm, sign up for a meal plan, make new friends and more Apply Now Complete your UNT application at applytexas.org Take a Tour Come see our beautiful campus for yourself Get More Info Sign up for UNT information customized for you Meet with Us Come to us or we'll come to you Talk to Us Meet your UNT Transfer Counselor and get answers to your questions Topquestionsbytransfer students Where can I find the UNT General Scholarship Application? When should I apply for admission? How do I check the status of my application for admission? How will my college credits transfer to UNT? How will my military credits and experience transfer to UNT? Does my community college have a transfer partnership with UNT? Does UNT have scholarships or financial aid for transfer students? What undergraduate degrees does UNT offer? How much is the admission application fee? What is orientation and why is it mandatory? Do I qualify as a transient or summer visiting student? What is the Clery Act and how do I view annual reports about campus safety? Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 