 art   hours Building Hours Visual Arts Design art   hours Building Hours Visual Arts Design art   hours Building Hours Visual Arts Design art   hours Building Hours Visual Arts Design art   hours Building Hours Visual Arts Design art   hours Building Hours Visual Arts Design art   hours Building Hours Visual Arts Design art   hours Building Hours Visual Arts Design art   hours Building Hours Visual Arts Design art   hours Building Hours Visual Arts Design  Building Hours | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Contact CVAD Job Openings Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Building HoursVisit UNT Facilities for normal operating hours on all buildings. For official university holidays, refer to the official UNT System holiday schedule. For directions to UNT CVAD, click here. Regular Operating Hours for Spring 2017 SPRING BREAK: Saturday, March 11th - Monday, March 13thAll CVAD buildings will be closed Tuesday, March 14th – Friday, March 17thArt Building, Hickory Hall, Curry Hall, Welch St., and Oak St. Hall hours will be 7am – 5pm Saturday, March 18thResume normally scheduled hours for all buildings Art Building Hours Monday – Friday: 7am – 11pmSaturday – Sunday: 12pm – 10pm Special Building Hours24-hour access: CVAD students, faculty and staff must use the exterior swipe card readers after the above posted hours.Spring after-hours swipe card access for CVAD students begins Monday, January 30th 2017 Wood Shop / Tool Shed Monday - Friday: 8am - 9pmSaturday & Sunday: 12pm - 5pm Curry Hall Hours Monday – Friday: 7am – 11pmSaturday – Sunday: 7am – 9pm (hours set by UNT) Special Building Hours24-hour access: No access at this time. Hickory Hall Hours Monday – Friday: 7am – 11pmSaturday – Sunday: 12pm – 10pm Special Building Hours24-hour access: No access at this time. Oak Street Hall Hours Monday – Friday: 7am – 5pmSaturday – Sunday: Open during posted Cora Stafford Hours Special Building Hours24-hour access: Only CVAD students taking a ceramics class, photography class, or grad students with studio space in Oak St. Hall will be granted after-hours access. This access will be controlled by the Art Technicians for ceramics and photography. Welch Street Hours Monday – Friday: 7am – 11pmSaturday – Sunday: 12pm – 10pm Access maybe limited to certain rooms. Special Building Hours24-hour access: No access at this time. Students, to be granted access to the building you must be enrolled in a CVAD course. Also, if your UNT ID card is older than 5 years you may need a new UNT ID card. Please visit Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services at the Eagle Student Services Center to receive a new UNT ID card. How to get your UNT Student ID card:1. Go to the 1st Floor of the Eagle Student Services Center on the Denton Campus. ID Systems is located at the Student Accounting office, room 105.2. Provide us with your UNT EMPL ID Number (8 Digit Number that students can locate online at my.unt.edu by clicking on "Student Center" and then "Demographic Data" under the "Personal Information" section). Let us know which card works best for you.3. Students selecting the Standard Card will have their picture taken and will receive their ID card. CVAD Students, faculty and staff that are unable to swipe into the building after-hours with a current UNT ID card will need to visit the key shop on campus. The key shop is located on the NE corner of Sycamore Hall and can only be accessed from the exterior of the building. The key shop will verify that the magnetic swipe on the back of your ID card is coded correctly. The key shop hours are Monday–Friday, 8am-5pm. For more information on building hours, contact:Tyler YorkFacilities Resource ManagerCollege of Visual Arts and Design940-565-4019Tyler.York@unt.edu   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 