 art   about cvad job openings Job Openings Visual Arts Design art   about cvad job openings Job Openings Visual Arts Design art   about cvad job openings Job Openings Visual Arts Design art   about cvad job openings Job Openings Visual Arts Design art   about cvad job openings Job Openings Visual Arts Design art   about cvad job openings Job Openings Visual Arts Design art   about cvad job openings Job Openings Visual Arts Design art   about cvad job openings Job Openings Visual Arts Design art   about cvad job openings Job Openings Visual Arts Design art   about cvad job openings Job Openings Visual Arts Design  Job Openings | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Contact CVAD Job Openings Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Job OpeningsFaculty Positions Applications are being accepted for the following positions: (deadlines specified on each position description) Ceramics Lecturer Communication Design Faculty Design Chair Visiting Assistant Professor in Fibers For additional information on faculty position listings and application procedures, see the Career Site for UNT Faculty. Part Time Faculty Searches Adjunct faculty are needed in all areas all year long. Please contact the appropriate Department for information. Adjuncts and Lecturers applying for Core positions (specifically Design I & II; and Drawing I & II) will be able to apply through an online process, which is forthcoming. Staff Searches CVAD Staff searches are posted on the UNT Career Site. See "College of Visual Arts and Design" or "Visual Arts" on the job posting search. Graduate Support/Employment CVAD offers 23 tuition waivers to doctoral and MFA students each year as well as fellowships and assistantships in all areas. First and second year graduate students are eligible for competitive $1,000 scholarships, which, if awarded, provide waivers of out-of-state tuition costs. Graduate Students seeking information about scholarships, tuitition waivers, and/or wishing to work as TAs, TFs, or AAs should visit the Current Students page or the Fellowships & Assistantships section of our website for information. Student Employment CVAD needs outgoing and personable people to give tours to prospective students this summer. Applicants must be available to give tours on Wednesdays and Fridays at 9am and 2pm, and every other Saturday at 2pm. You will not be doing all of these days every week, but you must be available for those times. Applicants must be current CVAD students, have completed at least one semester in residence at UNT within CVAD, maintain at least a 2.5 cumulative GPA, and must be outgoing and comfortable speaking to groups. If you are interested, please call Derrick Echoles at 940-565-2216. UNT is an EOE/AA/ADA. This page may contain pdf documents.  You can download a free pdf reader here.   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 