 art   about cvad support cvad Support CVAD Visual Arts Design art   about cvad support cvad Support CVAD Visual Arts Design art   about cvad support cvad Support CVAD Visual Arts Design art   about cvad support cvad Support CVAD Visual Arts Design art   about cvad support cvad Support CVAD Visual Arts Design art   about cvad support cvad Support CVAD Visual Arts Design art   about cvad support cvad Support CVAD Visual Arts Design art   about cvad support cvad Support CVAD Visual Arts Design art   about cvad support cvad Support CVAD Visual Arts Design art   about cvad support cvad Support CVAD Visual Arts Design  Support CVAD | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Support CVADIf you think your gifts aren't important, think again! Supporting the College of Visual Arts and Design (CVAD) through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Gifts to CVAD at UNT allow the College to pursue excellence. These gifts insure that CVAD can attract top graduate and undergraduate students through scholarships and funding. These gifts also make possible CVAD's Visiting Artists/Scholar programs, Faculty Enrichment Opportunities and support to each of the hallmark Institutes housed within the College of Visual Arts and Design. You can see our recent activities by checking our website frequently or in the Avant-Garde. Better yet, get in-depth reports on the activities of our faculty, students, and alumni by following CVAD on Facebook. Please take a moment and help support our students. We value your gifts as they are an endorsement of the University of North Texas, College of Visual Arts and Design. If you have any questions, or you would like more information on how you can be a partner, please contact Susan Sanders, CVAD Director of Development at 940-565-4026, for information. You may contribute to CVAD (and the program of your choice) online at Give to UNT, or you may print out the Donation Form, and mail in with your gift to: CVAD at UNT  1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, Texas 76203 Thank you for your time and committment to our students!   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 