 admissions   why  Traditions Nontraditional The  state of mind Admissions  admissions   why  Traditions Nontraditional The  state of mind Admissions  admissions   why  Traditions Nontraditional The  state of mind Admissions  admissions   why  Traditions Nontraditional The  state of mind Admissions  admissions   why  Traditions Nontraditional The  state of mind Admissions  admissions   why  Traditions Nontraditional The  state of mind Admissions  admissions   why  Traditions Nontraditional The  state of mind Admissions  admissions   why  Traditions Nontraditional The  state of mind Admissions  admissions   why  Traditions Nontraditional The  state of mind Admissions  admissions   why  Traditions Nontraditional The  state of mind Admissions   Traditions + Nontraditional = The UNT state of mind. | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us   Traditions + Nontraditional = The UNT state of mind. The UNT state of mind means a lot of things. Creativity, personality, academic excellence, leadership, friendship, athletics, community and the tools to build a successful career — to name a few. We’re steeped in tradition and bubbling with creativity. Join us and discover why UNT is the choice of 37,000 students. Being part of the Mean Green family means you have the freedom to soar and the comfort of home. It means an education that is both exceptional in quality and exceptionally affordable. It means living in a city known for its community of creative thinkers, artists and entrepreneurs. And it means you’ll always have a home away from home. Learn why UNT should be at the top of your list I'm a future Freshman student I'm a future Transfer student I'm a future Graduate student I'm a future Inter-national student Additional sites for: HonorsStudents Early CollegeHigh School Texas Academy ofMathematics and Science What makes UNT awesome... Dining Options UNT Dining serves 2.2 million meals annually Green Highlight Our rec center is partially powered by its own exercise equipment. Best College Town Denton was chosen as the best college town in Texas Creative Center UNT is a center for artistic and literary expression in the North Texas... Honors College Our Honors College is the largest in the region. Ellen Show on Campus The Ellen Degeneres Show taped an episode at the UNT campus! Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 