 art   forms prospective student advising Prospective Students Advising Sessions College of Visual Arts and Design art   forms prospective student advising Prospective Students Advising Sessions College of Visual Arts and Design art   forms prospective student advising Prospective Students Advising Sessions College of Visual Arts and Design art   forms prospective student advising Prospective Students Advising Sessions College of Visual Arts and Design art   forms prospective student advising Prospective Students Advising Sessions College of Visual Arts and Design art   forms prospective student advising Prospective Students Advising Sessions College of Visual Arts and Design art   forms prospective student advising Prospective Students Advising Sessions College of Visual Arts and Design art   forms prospective student advising Prospective Students Advising Sessions College of Visual Arts and Design art   forms prospective student advising Prospective Students Advising Sessions College of Visual Arts and Design art   forms prospective student advising Prospective Students Advising Sessions College of Visual Arts and Design  Prospective Students Advising Sessions | College of Visual Arts and Design Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Visual Arts and Design Login Student Services Prospective Student Advising» Sign Up Scholarships Juried Student Art Exhibition on the Theme of Metabolic Science Authorized Login UNT EUID: * Password: * HomeProspective Students Advising Sessions Who is this for? The Prospective Student Advising Session is for any prospective freshman or transfer student who is interested in attending, or applying to UNT’s College of Visual Arts and Design (CVAD). What is it? This advising session has been created to provide prospective students with general information. It is the Student Advising Office’s goal to help students make informed decisions about whether they want to attend UNT. We believe that by sharing information about the College of Visual Arts and Design, students will make informed and productive decisions to help them reach their academic goals. We will begin the session with an informative presentation about CVAD that includes specifics regarding entry portfolio reviews, the sequential nature of all of our programs and tips for timely admission/transfer. Following this presentation, prospective transfer students who bring their unofficial transcripts will meet, individually, with an advisor to review how their classes might be applied at UNT. We also will share Transfer Guides with students who want to complete courses at a community college prior to attending UNT. Advising sessions start at 1 p.m. and are held in the ART building, room 111. All sessions may last 2–3 hours depending on the number of students in attendance, and will include meeting with an advisor. When you sign up for a session at the “Register Now” link below you will also have the opportunity to sign up for a guided tour of all the art buildings. (CVAD is currently housed in 9 building across campus.) Campus tours must be scheduled at least 24 hrs in advance. Visit tours.unt.edu for more information and to schedule your campus tour. If you would like to get a visitor’s parking pass, please stop by one of the Information Booths. You may also pay for parking at the Parking Garage. The advising session dates are: September 19th, 2014 October 17th, 2014 November 21st, 2014 December 19th, 2014 February 20th, 2015 March 20th, 2015 April 17th, 2015 May 15th, 2015 June 19th, 2015 July 17th, 2015 Register Now Contact Us: College of Visual Arts and Design 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2855 Fax: 940-565-4717 http://cvadforms.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. artweb@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 