 registrar   services Services Registrar registrar   services Services Registrar registrar   services Services Registrar registrar   services Services Registrar registrar   services Services Registrar registrar   services Services Registrar registrar   services Services Registrar registrar   services Services Registrar registrar   services Services Registrar registrar   services Services Registrar  Services | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us   Services HomeServices UNT Catalog Production: Coordinate production of the yearly academic online catalog. Click the link above to view the catalog Graduation: Students may submit applications for graduation in this area of the Office of the Registrar. This division also process applications for graduation with honors, provides information concerning diplomas, and verifies and posts degrees to student records. Enrollment Verification/Certification and Statements of Standing: Students may request official verification of enrollment, classification, degrees received, and academic status for business employment and financial aid purposes. ESSC Room 147 - (940) 565-2111. Faculty Documentation: Go to http://essc.unt.edu/eis/faculty.htm for updated training materials regarding the EIS Faculty Center (grading, class rosters, audit class rolls). Information Counter: Personnel provide assistance to students requesting transcripts, catalogs, processing course duplications, changing pass/fail status, drops, withdrawals, changes in biographical data (address, etc.), and general campus information. ESSC Room 147 - (940) 565-2111. myUNT: Access the student portal by logging into my.unt.edu. Registration: The Registrar's Office provides assistance relating to MyUNT, registration and resolution of student schedule problems. ESSC Room 147 - (940) 565-2378. For Registration Instructions and information, please refer to the appropriate online Schedule of Classes listing. Residency for Former and Continuing Students: Information is provided to students who want to determine eligibility to qualify as residents of Texas for tuition purposes. ESSC Room 209 - (940) 565-2748 Student Documentation: Go to http://essc.unt.edu/eis/ for updated materials on students and staff. Student Records/Academic Status: Records personnel assist students in filing course duplications, computing grade point averages, removing incomplete (*I*) grades, and posting transfer credit on continuing students. Counseling is provided in regard to a student's academic status including good standing, probation, and suspension. Students may inspect their permanent records with proper identification during academic status counseling. ESSC Room 209 - (940) 565-2369 Veteran Certification: The Registrar's Office is responsible for enrollment certification and notifying the regional VA office of student schedule changes. Sage Hall Room 123 - (940) 369-8021 Withhold Directory Information: Students may request that directory information be withheld from the public as appropriate. ESSC Room 147. See Public Information Policy and Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act for additional information. Additional Resources For more information, contact the Registrar's Information Counter by calling 940-565-2111 or visiting Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC) Room 147. Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building http://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 