 admissions   academics Academics Admissions  admissions   academics Academics Admissions  admissions   academics Academics Admissions  admissions   academics Academics Admissions  admissions   academics Academics Admissions  admissions   academics Academics Admissions  admissions   academics Academics Admissions  admissions   academics Academics Admissions  admissions   academics Academics Admissions  admissions   academics Academics Admissions   Academics | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us   Academics As a public research university, we are focused on creating tomorrow's knowledge. Our students excel as teachers, artists, engineers and everything in between. Combining quality academics with hands-on experience and thought-provoking research is what we do best. Our students aren’t just great thinkers – they’re great leaders, innovators and entrepreneurs. Join us and discover why UNT is excellence realized. UNT offers you the most degree options in the region and limitless opportunity. 101 Bachelor's degree programs - or - browse by school alphabetical list talk to a counselor   82 Master's and 38 Doctoral degree programs - or - browse by school alphabetical list talk to a graduate advisor Our degree programs are organized into 12 colleges and schools. The UNT System also has a law school and a health science center. AcademicCatalog AcademicCalendar Online Degreesand Classes Supporting you every step of your academic journey Succeed at UNTUNT's Student Success website helps guide you to success with the information and resources you need to start your college career off strong, define your future and take control of your success. AdvisorsUNT's academic advising website is your how-to guide for getting into the right classes, building your degree plan, and navigating UNT's vast academic and professional development resources. MentorsThe ACCESS Mentoring Program connects students with faculty, staff and peer mentors who provide guidance and share experiences. The Learning CenterThe Learning Center provides a wide variety of free services to help you make the most out of your studies, including tutoring, study skills workshops and academic success programs. Writing LabThe UNT Writing Lab can help with any writing issues you might have form proposals to poems. LibrariesSix libraries with millions of items, including the world recognized digital library. The Factory maker spaceWith an array of 3D printers and scanners, large format printers, and tools like Arduino and Google Glass, The Factory has what you need to create innovative projects. Computer LabsWith more than a dozen computer labs throughout campus, you'll always be able to find the equipment and software you need. Graduate Research and Writing ResourcesFrom the first research paper to the final dissertation, UNT has the research and writing resources to support the work of graduate students. Graduate WorkshopsThe graduate school's workshop series helps students develop their professional skill set. Online Degree Audit SystemOur online degree audit system helps you stay on track to earn your bachelor's degree and prepare for your advising appointments. You even can view how your courses fit into different majors. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 