 admissions   campus life Campus Life Admissions  admissions   campus life Campus Life Admissions  admissions   campus life Campus Life Admissions  admissions   campus life Campus Life Admissions  admissions   campus life Campus Life Admissions  admissions   campus life Campus Life Admissions  admissions   campus life Campus Life Admissions  admissions   campus life Campus Life Admissions  admissions   campus life Campus Life Admissions  admissions   campus life Campus Life Admissions   Campus Life | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us   Campus Life There's more to university life than going to class, studying at the library and acing tests. There are coffee meet-ups, art exhibits, finding the best pizza on campus and joining in on a game with the Mean Green Dodgeball Club. The possibilities are as limitless as your potential. Join us and discover all the ways to enjoy the UNT campus. Where to live? 15 Residence Halls Where to eat? 11 On-campus Dining Options What to do? 400 Student Organizations "A day in your life on UNT's campus" Sign up for a tour now!The best way to see what UNT has to offer Visitor infomaps, contact info, directions Denton... a town like no other Denton, named “the best college town in Texas,” combines an active live music and art scene with a family-friendly hometown feel. The city’s thriving music scene has produced critically acclaimed musicians and bands such as Sarah Jaffe, Midlake and Eli Young Band and is home to a number of music festivals, including 35 Denton and the Denton Arts & Jazz Festival. Check out more fantastic videos about Denton and the Denton area! Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 