 registrar   veterans Information for Veterans and Military Registrar registrar   veterans Information for Veterans and Military Registrar registrar   veterans Information for Veterans and Military Registrar registrar   veterans Information for Veterans and Military Registrar registrar   veterans Information for Veterans and Military Registrar registrar   veterans Information for Veterans and Military Registrar registrar   veterans Information for Veterans and Military Registrar registrar   veterans Information for Veterans and Military Registrar registrar   veterans Information for Veterans and Military Registrar registrar   veterans Information for Veterans and Military Registrar  Information for Veterans and Military | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us   Registration Transcripts and Records Residency Information Grades Exams Graduation and Diplomas Veterans and MilitaryForms and Instructions Frequently Asked Questions Home » Veterans and MilitaryInformation for Veterans and Military The UNT Veterans’ Certification-Registrar’s Office proudly serves over 1100 service members, Veterans, and their families. The services we provide ensure that eligible UNT students receive their Federal educational benefits by submitting certifications of enrollment to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs on behalf of the veterans. We have combined forces with the UNT Veterans’ Center and the Hazlewood representatives to create a new office: UNT Student Veteran Services (SVS). The goal of the SVS is to provide our military veterans with a “one-stop shop” for getting help with achieving their educational goals. Veterans will be able to apply for benefits, request enrollment certification, apply for Hazlewood, and interact with other veterans at the SVS. The SVS is located in Sage Hall, Room 123 and will handle all of the Veterans educational benefits: Montgomery GI Bill® – Chapter 30 Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment Program – Chapter 31 Post 9/11 GI Bill® – Chapter 33 Survivors and dependents education – Chapter 35 Selected Reserve GI Bill® – Chapter 1606 Reserve Educational Assistance Program – Chapter 1607 Hazlewood Exemption The Registrar's Office is also responsible for enrollment certification and notifying the regional VA office of student schedule changes. To speak with someone in the UNT Veteran's Program Office please call 940-369-8021. For more informaton about specific services, please visit the Frequently Asked Questions page and visit the UNT Veterans Services website: www.unt.edu/veterans. You can contact the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Office by calling 1-888-GIBILL-1 (1-888-442-4551). Their website is www.gibill.va.gov. Students Called to Active Duty For policy information concerning students called to active duty, please see the Academics section of the UNT Catalog. Additional Resources For questions about financial aid and scholarships for veterans, contact the UNT Office of Financial Aid and Scholarships by calling 940-565-2302, dropping by their offices in the Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC) or visiting their website at veteranscenter.unt.edu.   Registration Info Find Classes Get Advised   Registration GuidesSpring 2017 Summer 2017 Fall 2017 Academic Catalog View All Forms Instructions for using MyUNT and EIS   Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building http://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 