 registrar   how to view schle of evening and weekend classes online with my How to View the Schle of Evening and Weekend Classes Online with My Registrar registrar   how to view schle of evening and weekend classes online with my How to View the Schle of Evening and Weekend Classes Online with My Registrar registrar   how to view schle of evening and weekend classes online with my How to View the Schle of Evening and Weekend Classes Online with My Registrar registrar   how to view schle of evening and weekend classes online with my How to View the Schle of Evening and Weekend Classes Online with My Registrar registrar   how to view schle of evening and weekend classes online with my How to View the Schle of Evening and Weekend Classes Online with My Registrar registrar   how to view schle of evening and weekend classes online with my How to View the Schle of Evening and Weekend Classes Online with My Registrar registrar   how to view schle of evening and weekend classes online with my How to View the Schle of Evening and Weekend Classes Online with My Registrar registrar   how to view schle of evening and weekend classes online with my How to View the Schle of Evening and Weekend Classes Online with My Registrar registrar   how to view schle of evening and weekend classes online with my How to View the Schle of Evening and Weekend Classes Online with My Registrar registrar   how to view schle of evening and weekend classes online with my How to View the Schle of Evening and Weekend Classes Online with My Registrar  How to View the Schedule of Evening and Weekend Classes Online with MyUNT | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us HomeHow to View the Schedule of Evening and Weekend Classes Online with MyUNT You can see a list of weekend online at My UNT (my.unt.edu). To see weekend classes, Go to my.unt.edu. If you are not a UNT student, click Search in the Class Search box, then follow steps 5 - 17. For UNT students, enter your EUID and password. For help with your EUID or password, click the help links below the login boxes. Click the Search for Classes link. Select University of North Texas as your institution. Select Undergraduate or Graduate as the career of the classes you need. Select term. Click Go. Click Additional Search Criteria. Enter the 4-letter subject abbreviation for the class (for example, ENGL). For weekend classes, check the Saturday (Sat) checkbox under the Day of the week option. For evening classes, set a desired start and end time (for example, you could see classes from 5:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m.). Click Search. Click OK if your search returns over 50 class. Click View All Sections as necessary on the blue status bar to view all sections. Click the section number link for the class to view important information. Additional Resources For more information, contact the Registrar's Information Counter by calling 940-565-2378 or visiting Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC) Room 147. Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building http://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 