 vsb    VSB vsb    VSB vsb    VSB vsb    VSB vsb    VSB vsb    VSB vsb    VSB vsb    VSB vsb    VSB vsb    VSB  UNT VSB Visual Schedule Builder Visual Schedule Builder Add Courses Results Favorites      Add Courses Select Term... Term Summer 2017 Term Fall 2017 Term Spring 2018 Step 1 Choose a term. Term: Summer 2017 Fall 2017 Spring 2018 Add Courses Page Welcome to the Schedule Builder. This is the Add Courses Page. To use this software, follow the steps described below. Add courses to the list of courses, then click the generate schedules button. This will open the Results page to show you a list of possible schedules. Step 1: Select TermChoose a term. Step 2a: Select CampusesSelect your desired course locations. Step 2: Add a Course Begin typing a course code or name that you would like to take, then click 'Select'. Example: econ 1100, or dfst 2033 Step 2a Select your desired course locations. Step 2 Begin typing a course code or name that you would like to take, then click 'Select'. Example: econ 1100, or dfst 2033 Select Course Course Code. For example, E N space 1 1 9 and press enter There are too many schedule possibilities. You must reduce the number of enabled classes or pin down some class(es) before adding more courses. List of Courses: Retrieving current schedule... ABC Choose a course from the following list:  Select...    Remove course ABC 123 from list ACC 202   --- --- asdf Managerial Accounting Try all classes Try specific classes... Classes: Requirement: asdf Cross Listed Courses: asdf Description: asdf Class Remarks: asdf  ...Show More   ...Show more detail about ABC 123  Show less Show less detail about ABC 123 Step 3 Once the desired courses are listed, click the 'Generate Schedules' button. Clear this Search Accessible Site View Help Documentation Results Results Page Tips Favorite Sort Filter   Generating Schedules... This is the Results Page. Showing result 0 of 0. This shows you a list of all the possible schedules using your list of courses. Navigate through the results. You may sort and filter the results using the tools on this page. When you have found your preferred schedule, use the provided CRN numbers to enroll for the classes. You may also return to the Add Courses page to change the list of courses. TIP #1/4 Loading... Getting Schedule Generated Results Navigate Schedules 0 of 0 Saved to Favorites  Back to search  Print schedule  Create Share Link  Add to Favorites  Display helpful tips Sorting Sort preference: None Most days off Morning classes Mid-day classes Evening classes Time off campus Most on-campus Filtering Include schedules containing: Full classes (•) Waitlistable classes (•) Online classes () On-campus classes X Sort preference None Most days off Morning classes Mid-day classes Evening classes Time off campus Most on-campus X Filters Include schedules containing: Full classes (•) Waitlistable classes (•) Online classes () On-campus classes Legend Class Action Options Result Click this button to view the latest state of your courses. No Results There are no schedule combination(s) with the selected courses. Tip: Welcome This software will help you find your optimal schedule. To begin, choose a Term and add courses on the left. Your advisor has a recommendation for you:      Favorites Favorites Page This is the Favorites Page, navigate through favorites and load them or delete them Loading... No Favorite Selected Warning: Favourites will be lost if you close your browser Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information | Net Price Calculator  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  Employment  |  UNT Home X Notice --- X Send to Calendar This will send all the events of the schedule your are currently viewing to your Calendar. Warning: If you need to change or remove these events you will need to do it manually using your Calendar Your schedule has been saved to the calendar. Google Calendar Outlook Calendar iCal Hello Hello 