 parentsguide   The  Family Parent s Guide parentsguide   The  Family Parent s Guide parentsguide   The  Family Parent s Guide parentsguide   The  Family Parent s Guide parentsguide   The  Family Parent s Guide parentsguide   The  Family Parent s Guide parentsguide   The  Family Parent s Guide parentsguide   The  Family Parent s Guide parentsguide   The  Family Parent s Guide parentsguide   The  Family Parent s Guide  The UNT Family | Parent's Guide Jump to Navigation Search the UNT website: En Español MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT skip Parent's Guide HomeParent's Guide Home Money MattersCan I Afford It? AcademicsCourse Info Support ServicesResources Available Staying InvolvedParent Resources En Español English The UNT Family This is such an exciting time — not only for your family, but the UNT family of faculty and staff who are committed to your child’s success. This guide is a great source of information about UNT and is where you can learn more about everything from academics and support services to scholarships and security. We’re so happy your student has chosen to learn, grow and achieve at UNT. UNT provides the best bachelor's degree experience in Texas The pursuit of knowledge and the personal growth of our students through an innovative, collaborative learning environment is at the center of UNT’s mission. UNT’s 221 high-quality degree programs in 13 colleges and schools attract some of the best and brightest students. UNT has been named a Best in the West college by The Princeton Review for eight years and one of America’s 100 Best College Buys® for 21 consecutive years. Come see us! Our student-led tours are the best way to experience UNT and get all your questions answered. To schedule a tour, call 940-565-4104 or visit the UNT Tours website. See how UNT can help your student succeed. Affording college Your child’s college education is one of the best investments you’ll ever make. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York recently reported that the value of a bachelor’s degree for the average graduate has held near its all-time high of about $300,000. Furthermore, bachelor’s degree holders can expect to earn 78 percent more over the course of a lifetime than those with only a high school diploma. Simply put, a college degree pays off. Learn more about paying for college Academic success UNT students learn in an environment that combines academic excellence, hands-on training and thought-provoking research. We give students an educational experience that challenges and enriches them and gives them the power to compete with anyone, anywhere. Learn more about UNT academics Support for success According to the National Survey of Student Engagement, more students are happy with their educational experiences at UNT, as compared to peer institutions, and would attend the university again. Learn more about UNT’s support services for your student Parent success UNT has an office solely devoted to parent programs, offering many ways for parents to get involved in their student’s college experience. One of the first things you can do to ensure your student makes a successful transition to college is to attend Parent Orientation, which is held concurrently with each Freshman Orientation session. Learn more about how to stay involved Apply Now! Get more info Continue the conversation on Facebook Take a tour Come to UNT Preview UNT's Office of Parent Programs Chat with a UNT student Visit Us Parent Programs 1155 Union Circle #311274 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 [map] | Tour Information Mail Us Undergraduate admissions Transfer admissions Graduate admissions International admissions Housing information Contact Us 940-565-4198 University Directory Questions? parents@unt.edu.technical problems? Site last updated on: Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home 