 apply   Freshman Overview apply   Freshman Overview apply   Freshman Overview apply   Freshman Overview apply   Freshman Overview apply   Freshman Overview apply   Freshman Overview apply   Freshman Overview apply   Freshman Overview apply   Freshman Overview  Freshman Overview Skip to main content Freshman Overview Menu Call us Email Us UNT Map HomeAcademicsCampus LifeLocationCostsCareerNext StepsPopular links Back Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Freshman Overview Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps Freshman Overview This is UNT Get ready for a college experience that’s as unique as you are, in a place where you can explore your passions, find your place and achieve your dreams.Welcome to the Mean Green family. watch the full video One-of-a-kind Incredibly diverse A little quirky Fueled by innovation Northof ordinary At the University of North Texas, we’re anything but average. We’re the friendliest, most creative university in Texas and we’re also known for academic excellence and affordability. We’ve been recognized by Forbes, The Princeton Review and U.S. News & World Report, just to name a few. Get ready to defy expectations, skip the ordinary and jump right in. Incredibly diverse Our students represent 50 states, 130 countries and all walks of life. Our 101 bachelor’s degree programs mean you can major in anything from Accounting to Forensic Science, from Biomedical Engineering to Jazz Studies. A little quirky You might spot a sweater-bombed statue when the first cold snap hits or see someone riding a unicycle around campus. We’re also slightly obsessed with our albino squirrels, since spotting one is said to bring good luck. Fueled by innovation Since 1890, we’ve been focused on finding new solutions and paving new paths. We pioneer technologies, create beautiful works of art and make remarkable discoveries. It's time to take the next step... Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Top Main Menu Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps University Links Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Email & Phone  unt.freshmen@unt.edu  940-565-2681 Freshman Overview   Find UNT on Google Maps   1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information Call us Email Us UNT Map Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links 