 transfernow   How to transfer to  Transferring to  transfernow   How to transfer to  Transferring to  transfernow   How to transfer to  Transferring to  transfernow   How to transfer to  Transferring to  transfernow   How to transfer to  Transferring to  transfernow   How to transfer to  Transferring to  transfernow   How to transfer to  Transferring to  transfernow   How to transfer to  Transferring to  transfernow   How to transfer to  Transferring to  transfernow   How to transfer to  Transferring to   How to transfer to UNT | Transferring to UNT Skip to main content Come to Transfer Debut Transferring to UNT Menu Call us Email Us UNT Map HomeAcademicsCostCampus LifeCareersCome See UsContact Us University Links Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Transferring to UNT Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Transferring to UNT Home Academics Cost Campus Life Careers Come See Us Contact Us Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents HomeAcademicsCostCampus LifeCareersCome See UsContact Us Goal-oriented, career-driven The UNT transfer experience How to transfer to UNT How to transfer to UNT UNT has one of the most student-friendly course transfer policies of any university in the region. If you’re attending a Texas community college, speak with a UNT Transfer Counselor about your degree plan as early as possible. We can even help you plan your community college course selections so your credits transfer to your UNT degree. We provide the roadmap to your bachelor’s degree with resources to help you stay on track to graduation, even before you get to UNT. DID YOU KNOW? You don’t need an associate’s degree to transfer to UNT. Our new transfer tools are designed to help you plan your courses at your current institution and at UNT so you avoid duplicating credits and earn your degree faster. Explore UNT’s new transfer guides and the Transferology website. Call 940-565-2681 or email us. Our new Eagle Express Tuition Plan can help you finish your bachelor’s degree faster and save up to $3,000. Our online degree audit system helps you stay on track to earn your bachelor’s degree and prepare for your advising appointments. You even can view how your courses fit into different majors. Admission Requirements If you have more than 44 college credit hours: Minimum college 2.0 GPA (4.0 system) and eligible to return to institution(s) attended If you have 30-44 college credit hours: Minimum college 2.25 GPA (4.0 system) and eligible to return to institution(s) attended If you have fewer than 30 college credit hours: Graduation from an accredited high school Minimum college 2.5 GPA (4.0 system) and eligible to return to institution(s) attended SAT/ACT score and high school class rank as required for UNT freshmen International students will have additional admission requirements. 1. Before the application deadline Visit our admissions website for more information about applying to UNT. Submit separate, official transcripts from every university and college you’ve attended. If you've earned fewer than 30 college credit hours, also submit an official transcript from your high school. Submit official SAT or ACT scores if you have fewer than 30 college credit hours. (This is not required if you have 30 or more college credit hours.) Complete the online ApplyTexas application and pay the application fee ($75 for U.S. citizens and permanent resident aliens; $85 for international students). 2. When to apply Spring 2017: December 1 is the application deadline. Priority deadline for scholarship consideration is March 15. Apply by: For classes starting: December 1, 2016 January 17, 2017 (Spring 2017) May 8, 2017 May 15, 2017 (Summer 2017) May 29, 2017 June 5, 2017 (Summer II 2017) July 1, 2017 August 28, 2017 (Fall 2017) Different admissions deadlines exist for new college students. Your application and fee must be submitted by the deadline for you to be eligible for on-time registration. Applicants who miss the admission deadline must pay a higher fee and register during Late Registration when classes are less plentiful. 3. After admission, before enrolling Register for orientation through your MyUNT account. Orientation — a program all undergraduate students must attend before enrolling in classes — is the first step to a successful experience at UNT. There you’ll receive academic advising, register for classes, learn about academic and other important resources, and start building relationships with other new transfer students, orientation leaders and UNT faculty/staff. Check your TSI (Texas Success Initiative) status on the MyUNT system (bottom right corner) or call 940-565-4403. Based on your SAT, ACT or TAKS score, you may be required to take an additional test before enrolling. Online Transfer Resources Transfer guides provide lists of the Texas Common Course values that will transfer for your specific degree. Each transfer guide also includes a four-year plan to help you stay on track and graduate on time. Transferology (formerly u.select) provides information on UNT course equivalencies and degree information. You can set up a personal account to list and evaluate courses you have completed or plan to complete. Degree plan information also is available in our catalog. While attending UNT, monitor your progress 24/7 with our online degree audit system. You can even view how your courses will fit the requirements for different majors. It will help you stay on track for graduation and prepare you for advising appointments. Technical/Career Courses Transfer Create a personalized degree plan, so you can graduate sooner. With a Bachelor of Applied Arts and Science degree, a majority of your AAS degree or career/technical credits may apply. You can choose from two BAAS degree options at UNT. Military Credits Transfer UNT is home to more than 2,500 members of the military community and their families. UNT may accept lower- and upper-division military credit, as recommended by the American Council on Education’s Guide to the Evaluation of Educational Experiences in the Armed Services. Credit for vocational work may be accepted if you are pursuing a BAAS degree. For information, call our Veterans Center at 940-369-2681 or visit the Student Veterans Services website. GPA Transfers At UNT, you’ll have two GPAs — a cumulative UNT GPA and an overall cumulative Transfer Work/UNT combined GPA. The overall GPA determines your eligibility to apply for graduation from UNT and to graduate with honors. If you have an "incomplete" on your transcript, it won’t be calculated in your GPA for admission purposes. If you've earned a D, it will transfer (exception: Freshman Composition, which requires a grade of C or higher), but the course may need to be retaken. Certain departments may require a grade of C or higher in specific core courses. Fresh Start Students who have earned college credits that are at least 10 years old may seek admission to UNT without consideration of that academic work. Request a Fresh Start form from an admissions counselor before acceptance. Entrance Exam To help match you to the right classes, you’ll take the Texas Success Initiative. The test is only used for academic advising, not for admission decisions. We also will accept scores on the ASSET, COMPASS or ACCUPLACER tests. You may qualify for an exemption. Call 940-565-4403 or visit the Learning Center's TSI site. Required hours at UNT To graduate with a bachelor’s degree from UNT, take at least 25 percent of the university minimum of 120 credit hours here. A minimum of 42 advanced hours also are required, 24 of them here. Required GPA To be in good standing academically and to graduate from UNT, all undergraduate students must maintain a minimum GPA requirement of 2.0. This includes hours attempted in regularly graded courses, hours passed in pass/no pass courses and transfer hours accepted. * Additional admission requirements may exist for the major of your choice. Visit our catalog for more information. Start planning early. Speak with a Transfer Counselor about degree plan information and transferability of your courses. Use our online Transfer Resources. Questions? Let us help. Call 800-868-8211. Take A Tour Get more info Apply Now! Connect witha transfercounselor Top Required Links| Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Main Menu Home Academics Cost Campus Life Careers Come See Us Contact Us University Links Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Emails Freshman Admissions Transfer Admissions Graduate Admissions International Admissions Housing Information Technical Problems?   Eagle Student Services Center 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX  76203-5017   Visitor Information   800-868-8211 Call us Email Us UNT Map Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home &copy2017; University of North Texas 