 transportation   special event Schle an Event Transportation Services transportation   special event Schle an Event Transportation Services transportation   special event Schle an Event Transportation Services transportation   special event Schle an Event Transportation Services transportation   special event Schle an Event Transportation Services transportation   special event Schle an Event Transportation Services transportation   special event Schle an Event Transportation Services transportation   special event Schle an Event Transportation Services transportation   special event Schle an Event Transportation Services transportation   special event Schle an Event Transportation Services  Schedule an Event | Transportation Services Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Transit Parking Event & Group Parking News Visitor Information Parents Guide About Us Search form Search Transportation Services MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Transportation Services Main menu Home Transit Parking Event & Group Parking News Visitor Information Parents Guide About Us Welcome to UNT Events  We strive to make your event a huge success by providing superior customer service. Our goal is to make the process less stressful by helping you to coordinate and organize your event. We ask that if your event will require parking arrangements or will impact parking on campus,  that you complete the Event Request Form HERE and an Event Coordinator will work with you to ensure satisfaction. Our services include reserved parking, lot monitors, signs, and other services to make your event at UNT a success. Please take a few moments to complete the request form and submit it. We ask that you submit your request at least 14 days prior to your event. We appreciate you choosing University of North Texas to handle your event and we look forward to providing an excellent experience. On-Campus Special Event Parking Special Event Parking UNT hosts thousands of events each year, and your guests' experiences will determine the success of your event. This is why it is important to plan your parking arrangements in advance. UNT Transportation Services is responsible for ensuring that the needs of event guests, along with over 37,000 students, and over 1,000 employees using the campus daily, have a smooth and satisfying parking experience. This means that your help is needed to ensure that parking for your event is successful. Please note that not all events can be accommodated based on the availability of space, so please submit your parking request early.  We at Transportation Services offer several different options for event participants: * Paid hourly parking lots. * Parking garages Highland Street and Union Circle. * Daily parking permits (can include PDF, hang tag, or single use scratch-off permits). * Park Mobile- (Click here for more information about Park Mobile)  Types of Special Event Parking Spaces Unreserved Spaces: Use general parking areas on a first-come, first-serve basis. Reserved Spaces: Based on availability, use dedicated parking held for the exclusive use and benefit of the event. Additional costs may be included at the discretion of UNT Transportation Services for labor and equipment required to reserve the lot. A quote will be provided before the event parking request is finalized.  Equipment Request These services are optional. There is a fee associated for set-up, take-down, and use. We will provide you with a quote before your event request is finalized. Additional equipment and/or personnel may be required by UNT Transportation Services to support your event. Event Directional Signs: Required for lot buyouts and events larger than 100 vehicles Custom Event Directional Signs: Required for Reserved spaces, optional for unreserved space) Event Marquees: (Required for lot buyouts)  Cones/Barricades Additional Services/Options Lot Monitor -We provide special staffing for your guests in order to make your event more successful. Lot Monitors are required for events with 100 vehicles or more. Lot monitors are responsible for the following, including but limited to: blocking off parking spaces, opening spaces as your guests arrive, ensuring that your guests are aware of our parking rules and regulations, assisting your guests with entering coupon codes at our smart meters, and directing your guests to the correct building You can choose to reserve one of our Lot Monitors for your smaller event but there is a 4 hour minimum per monitor. Shuttle Bus Service- This service is available for those events that choose our remote parking option. There is an additional fee for this service that is not included in the remote parking price and there is a 2 hour minimum for each shuttle bus. Package Pricing- Please note that we offer discount pricing for bundling different options for your event.   Sporting and Campus Events Sporting Event Parking Football Games- Residents: During football season residents will be asked to move their vehicles from their permitted lots, in order to accommodate game day parking needs.  Residents are asked to move their vehicles from all resident lots which include lots 19,20,80,81, 85 and the HSG parking garage.  Owners for vehicles that are parked in remote parking lot 80 are also asked to move their vehicles. Vehicles that are moved due to game day parking are allowed to park in any Eagle lot on campus from 6:00 am the Friday prior to the game thru 6:00 pm the Sunday following the game. Home games are generally scheduled on a Saturday so vehicles needing to be moved would be allowed to do so the day before the game and the day after at the above mentioned times. During the times in which vehicles are needed to be moved due to game day parking; citations will not be issued for a vehicle with a valid Resident permit that is parked in an Eagle lot. Visitors/Guest: For visitors or guests attending a UNT home game you will be able to park in the Resident lots (check out our map)which include lots, 19, 20, 80, 81, 85 and HSG Parking Garage. Please note there will be parking marquees and parking attendants to help with parking needs prior to the game.   Basketball Games- Reserved parking for basketball games will be on Highland Street both in front of the coliseum and at the metered spaces.  If you have a reserved placard then you will find parking attendants in these areas to assist you in finding your space.  For all other guests attending a basketball game you will find parking in the special events area marked with green spaces in lot 20. For other sporting event schedules click here. If you have any questions regarding parking for these events please contact our office at 940-565-3020 during our hours of operation 8:00 am- 5:00pm. Move-In/Move-Out Procedures Fall Move-In: The beginning of the semester is a busy time on campus, especially with students moving into their residence halls.  Move-In creates a lot of extra traffic on campus and parking can become both congested and confusing for most.  In order to help with move-in; Transportation Services will establish temporary one-hour loading and unloading zones in close proximity to the residence halls so that students may transfer their belongings with minimal inconvenience.  To expedite the process, and to allow access to the maximum number of vehicles, vehicles left beyond the one-hour time limit will be subject to receive a citation and possible relocation. If students choose not to use the loading and unloading zones, they should park in the designated lot for their permit.  As a reminder parking is enforced at all times except when the university is officially closed. Parking permits are available for purchase in the Transportation Services office located on the ground level of the HSG parking garage on the corner of Highland Street and Avenue A.  Transportation Services entrance door is located on Ave A facing the BLB. For parents and students whose vehicle don’t have a permit you may park in hourly parking areas, HSG parking garage, or in remote parking lot 80 and use the Free Park and Ride shuttle service during move in. Victory hall residents will have designated temporary one-hour loading and unloading zones established in close proximity to the building.  The same procedures above are enforced for parking at Victory Hall during move in/out.  Upon loading or unloading the vehicle needs to be moved into the lot designated on their permit.  If the vehicle does not have a permit then you may park in the hourly parking areas or HSG parking garage and use the Free Park and Ride shuttle service provided.  Remote parking in Lot 80 is also permitted providing there are available spaces.  Click here for the 2016 Move-In Day map! Fall Move-In Shuttle Map and Move-In Tips  Move-Out & Spring Move-In During Spring Move-In & Move-Out, resident students may make use of the loading areas indicated on the map. After the 1-hour time limit, we ask that students move their vehicle out of the unloading zone and into the lot designated on their permit.   Campus Bus Visit Parking Thank you for your interest in UNT. We hope you enjoy our campus.  There are many years of history on the campus grounds and hopefully you will learn a little of that history while you are here. Please complete the form to schedule your bus visit and tell us more about the group visit you are planning.  We request 14 days advance notice prior to your visit. Parking on campus is limited so space to park a bus on campus is scheduled on a first come first serve basis.  Click here to schedule your visit today! Commencements At UNT for a commencement ceremony and unsure where to park? Click here for the 2017 commencement parking map Visit Us Highland Street Parking Garage 620 Central Ave Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #310948 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3020 transportation.services@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 04, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links 