 transportation   parents guide Parents Guide Transportation Services transportation   parents guide Parents Guide Transportation Services transportation   parents guide Parents Guide Transportation Services transportation   parents guide Parents Guide Transportation Services transportation   parents guide Parents Guide Transportation Services transportation   parents guide Parents Guide Transportation Services transportation   parents guide Parents Guide Transportation Services transportation   parents guide Parents Guide Transportation Services transportation   parents guide Parents Guide Transportation Services transportation   parents guide Parents Guide Transportation Services  Parents Guide | Transportation Services Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Transit Parking Event & Group Parking News Visitor Information Parents Guide About Us Search form Search Transportation Services MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Transportation Services Main menu Home Transit Parking Event & Group Parking News Visitor Information Parents Guide About Us Parents Guide Welcome to the University of North Texas! Our mission is to accommodate to everyone’s parking needs. This includes over 44,000 members of the UNT community in addition to the hundreds of guests that visit our campus every day. We understand that parking conditions and transit options are very complex, so we are including information about important parking regulations and transit options below. We encourage parents to review this information with their student. This page is designed to provide information to parents about parking and transportation regulations on campus. Our rules and regulations are created to provide effective and efficient parking conditions and transportation services to the entire UNT community. For a copy of our rules and regulations click here We hope that you find this information helpful and if you have any other questions feel free to stop by our office or contact us.   Important Information for Students and Parents Boot/Towing Information 10.3.1 Process A vehicle may be immobilized or impounded for any of the following reasons: • Accumulating three or more past due citations, • Displaying a permit reported lost or stolen, • Displaying a permit which has been altered or replicated, • Parking in lots designated for special events, • Failing to have any visible identifying numbers (VIN number, License plate) • Flagrant violation of UNT parking regulations, or • Any other reason authorized by law. If the driver or owner of the vehicle arrives after the immobilization or impoundment process has begun, the process will be completed and fee applied. University Community Service Officers or Police Officers cannot accept payment to prevent or stop this process. The vehicle driver or owner must go to the Transportation Services office to resolve all outstanding debt for the vehicle to be released. Impounded vehicles are released through Transportation Services during normal business hours and through UNT Police Communications outside of normal business hours. 10.3.2 Liability UNT is not responsible for any damage to a vehicle during immobilization, impound, relocation, or storage. 10.3.3 Fees A scofflaw or towing fee, in addition to any citation fine, is charged to the permit holder or registered owner of the vehicle. Payment in full of all outstanding citation fines, scofflaw fees, and tow fees is required prior to release of the vehicle. Should the vehicle not be claimed or the fines/fees are not paid in full the vehicle may be disposed of in accordance with State law. See Appendix C - for current fees. 10.3.4 Restrictions Any unauthorized tampering or removal of an immobilization device may result in criminal prosecution.   Appeal Process 11.4.1 Procedures All individuals believing a parking citation was issued in error may appeal the citation. Citation appeals must be filed within 15 calendar days of date the citation is issued. Citation appeals are filed online at transportation.unt.edu (guest accounts can be created). Appeals cannot be submitted following the 15th day after issuance. Citation appeals will be reviewed by an Appeals Officer. The Appeals Officer will make a determination consistent with these regulations. The Appeals Officer’s determination is final. No further action may be taken. 11.4.2 Restrictions The parking appeals process applies to UNT parking violations only. City parking and traffic citations must be cleared through the Municipal Court of the City of Denton, Texas, on or before the time and date stated on the citation. Citations resulting in vehicle impoundment may be appealed through the normal appeal process but must be paid before the vehicle is released.   FERPA Due to Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) regulations, our offices cannot discuss information or answer questions related to a student account with parents unless the correct documentation is filled out and submitted. Click here for a copy of the form.  Have information on our page listed like this: http://ferpa.unt.edu/index.html E-Ride Information Check out our E-Ride services here Bus Routes Check out all our bus information here Alternative Transit Options for Students There are several secure bike racks located around campus for students. We also provide shuttle service and alternative transit services for students. Move In Day Parking: Making plans to moving to UNT? Check out our Fall Move-In Day parking map to help plan a swift and easy move! Click here and find our map at the bottom of the page in the MoveIn/Out Day section! Permits Check out all of our permit information here! Visit Us Highland Street Parking Garage 620 Central Ave Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #310948 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3020 transportation.services@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 04, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links 