 transportation   content appeal process Appeal Process Transportation Services transportation   content appeal process Appeal Process Transportation Services transportation   content appeal process Appeal Process Transportation Services transportation   content appeal process Appeal Process Transportation Services transportation   content appeal process Appeal Process Transportation Services transportation   content appeal process Appeal Process Transportation Services transportation   content appeal process Appeal Process Transportation Services transportation   content appeal process Appeal Process Transportation Services transportation   content appeal process Appeal Process Transportation Services transportation   content appeal process Appeal Process Transportation Services  Appeal Process | Transportation Services Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Transit Parking Event & Group Parking News Visitor Information Parents Guide About Us Search form Search Transportation Services MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Transportation Services Main menu Home Transit Parking Event & Group Parking News Visitor Information Parents Guide About Us Appeal Process Thu, 01/05/2017 - 10:30 -- Anonymous (not verified) 11.4 PARKING CITATION APPEALS 11.4.1 Procedures All individuals believing a parking citation was issued in error may appeal the citation. Citation appeals must be filed within 15 calendar days of date the citation is issued. Citation appeals are filed online at transportation.unt.edu (guest accounts can be created). Appeals cannot be submitted following the 15th day after issuance. Citation appeals will be reviewed by an Appeals Officer. The Appeals Officer will make a determination consistent with these regulations. The Appeals Officer’s determination is final. No further action may be taken. 11.4.2 Restrictions The parking appeals process applies to UNT parking violations only. City parking and traffic citations must be cleared through the Municipal Court of the City of Denton, Texas, on or before the time and date stated on the citation. Citations resulting in vehicle impoundment may be appealed through the normal appeal process but must be paid before the vehicle is released.   Visit Us Highland Street Parking Garage 620 Central Ave Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #310948 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3020 transportation.services@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 04, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links 