 housing   rates faqs Housing Rates Info Housing housing   rates faqs Housing Rates Info Housing housing   rates faqs Housing Rates Info Housing housing   rates faqs Housing Rates Info Housing housing   rates faqs Housing Rates Info Housing housing   rates faqs Housing Rates Info Housing housing   rates faqs Housing Rates Info Housing housing   rates faqs Housing Rates Info Housing housing   rates faqs Housing Rates Info Housing housing   rates faqs Housing Rates Info Housing  Housing Rates Info | Housing Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Housing Guide Residence Halls Rates » Rates Deadlines 2016-2017 Housing Rates 2017 Summer Rates 2017-2018 Rates Guide LLCs » LLCs Apply Living Learning FAQ Housing Policies » Housing Policies Housing Handbook Contract Terms and Conditions Commuter Exception Staff Job Opportunities » Job Opportunities Day Desk Clerk Night Desk Clerk Hall Director Assistant Hall Director RLA FAQ Part-time Desk Clerk eHousing Search form Search Housing MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Housing Main menu Home Housing Guide Residence Halls RatesDeadlines 2016-2017 Housing Rates 2017 Summer Rates 2017-2018 Rates Guide LLCsApply Living Learning FAQ Housing PoliciesHousing Handbook Contract Terms and Conditions Commuter Exception Job OpportunitiesDay Desk Clerk Night Desk Clerk Hall Director Assistant Hall Director Part-time Desk Clerk RLA FAQ Staff eHousing Housing Rates Information Housing and Dining Rates provided are for the full 9 month academic year contract (fall and spring semesters).  The total amount due for the year is calculated by combining the rates of the Housing and Dining options selected by a student during the Housing application process. Billing for half of the combined academic year's Housing and Dining Rates due will occur at the beginning of each semester. The semester balance is posted to the student's myUNT account for payment.  Payment can be made in full or in three installments over the course of the long semester.  Awarded and accepted financial aid will be directly applied to the semester Housing balance through Student Accounting, following full payment of tuition and fees.  Residents are able to review details of their Housing and Dining charges by logging in to their eHousing account and selecting “My Current Statement”.  Any change to room assignments or meal plans made after the start of the academic year that has a different associated rate will result in adjustment of the balance due and will be posted to the myUNT account.  Changes to room assignments and meal plans are pro-rated and put in to effect as of the date that the change is completed.   Housing Payment FAQs How do I pay for Housing? What is the application payment used for? When do I pay? Does Financial Aid automatically pay for Housing? Will you send me a bill? I'm waiting on Financial Aid or other funds to arrive. What do I do? What if my payment is late? Do I have to have a meal plan?   How do I pay for Housing? Your Housing charges will be posted to your myUNT student account.  Payment for Housing will be made through the same account that you use to pay your tuition balance, your myUNT account.  The balance for the semester will be combined with your tuition and fees costs for classes.  UNT accepts check and credit card (MasterCard, Visa, Discover and American Express) payments online at my.unt.edu.  Cash and check payments are accepted in Student Accounting at the Eagle Student Services Center. back to top   What is the application payment used for? When you apply for Housing, you are required to put down a $400 application payment.  $350 of the application payment is a pre-payment applied to the balance you will owe to Housing for the contract term that you've applied for.  That $350 amount will be posted to the semester balance on your myUNT account following once billing is run and charges are posted to your account. $50 of the application payment is an application fee required to complete the application.  The application fee is used to cover the administrative and technology costs associated with managing your Housing application and completing the room assignment process.  back to top   When do I pay? You can pay for the entire semester at once or pay in installments over the course of the semester.  There is no additional charge for the installment plan for Housing balances.  Students that utilize the installment payment plan will need to make payments through their myUNT account on October 3rd, November 3rd and December 3rd in the fall semester and February 3rd, March 3rd and April 3rd in the spring semester to fully pay off the balance before semester’s end.  Billing for each semester occurs prior to the opening of the halls for the semester.  Upon billing, you'll be able to login to your myUNT account to view the semester balance owed on your Semester Term Summary.  Logging in to your eHousing account will provide further billing details, as you require them. back to top Does Financial Aid automatically pay for Housing? Yes, it can.  Because your Housing balance will be combined with your tuition balance for the semester, aid that you receive will go toward paying your Housing balance once all tuition and fees are paid by Financial Aid.  Depending on the amount of your semester award and what you have accepted, it is not guaranteed that the full balance of Housing will be paid by your Financial Aid disbursement.  Any unpaid balance will be due over the course of the semester and can be paid through the installment payment plan.  If you sign up for Housing after your financial aid refund is processed for the semester, the Housing balance will still be posted to your myUNT account and you will be responsible for making payment. back to top Will you send me a bill? In an effort to be sustainable, we do not distribute paper bills; however, you may log in to your myUNT account to view your semester balance summary and make payments.  Email notifcation are sent for upcoming payment deadlines by Student Accounting to resident's UNT student email account. back to top   I'm waiting on Financial Aid or other funds to arrive. What do I do? If you are waiting on funding through Financial Aid or other sources that has yet to disburse, please come by the Housing Assignments and Collections office in Crumley Hall to discuss your situation and make arrangements for an extension on the Housing payment deadlines. back to top   What if my payment is late? Missed installment plan payment deadlines or payments received past the payment plan deadline due date can result in a $15 late fee being applied to the students myUNT account. back to top   Do I have to have a meal plan? All freshmen are required to have a meal plan, regardless of their hall choice. Upperclassman students may choose not to have a meal plan if they live in a hall that allows for that option (College Inn, Honors, Legends, Mozart, and Santa Fe).   Visit Us Crumley Hall UNT Housing 1621 W. Highland St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us UNT Housing 1155 Union Circle #311310 Denton, TX 76203 Phone: (940) 565-2610 Fax: (940) 369-8764 Contact Us (940) 565-2610 housinginfo@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 