 housing   real communities apply Apply Housing housing   real communities apply Apply Housing housing   real communities apply Apply Housing housing   real communities apply Apply Housing housing   real communities apply Apply Housing housing   real communities apply Apply Housing housing   real communities apply Apply Housing housing   real communities apply Apply Housing housing   real communities apply Apply Housing housing   real communities apply Apply Housing  Apply | Housing Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Housing Guide Residence Halls Rates » Rates Deadlines 2016-2017 Housing Rates 2017 Summer Rates 2017-2018 Rates Guide LLCs » LLCs Apply Living Learning FAQ Housing Policies » Housing Policies Housing Handbook Contract Terms and Conditions Commuter Exception Staff Job Opportunities » Job Opportunities Day Desk Clerk Night Desk Clerk Hall Director Assistant Hall Director RLA FAQ Part-time Desk Clerk eHousing Search form Search Housing MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Housing Main menu Home Housing Guide Residence Halls RatesDeadlines 2016-2017 Housing Rates 2017 Summer Rates 2017-2018 Rates Guide LLCsApply Living Learning FAQ Housing PoliciesHousing Handbook Contract Terms and Conditions Commuter Exception Job OpportunitiesDay Desk Clerk Night Desk Clerk Hall Director Assistant Hall Director Part-time Desk Clerk RLA FAQ Staff eHousing Living Learning Communities​ Application Process To join one of the Living Learning Communities, you'll need to take the following steps:   1. Decide which Living Learning Community you want to join   2. Login to eHousing to complete an application for Housing for the coming fall semester Select the Living Learning option on the Select Application Year and Type step of the Housing Application Select the LLC you want to join from the drop down list on the Living Learning Communities step of the Housing Application   3. Pay the $400 Housing pre-payment to complete your application and secure your space on the Living Learning Community you chose Space on each Living Learning Community is limited and is reserved on a first come, first served basis.  If you aren't able to join the community of your choosing, complete your application as a traditional student so that you have a space in Housing for the coming year and revisit your application preferences later to see if space has become available.  Use the below process for changing your existing application preference to a Living Learning community.  Changing your application preference to a Living Learning Community If you've already completed a Housing application and have an existing hall/room preference but you now want to join a Living Learning community following the below steps will allow you to make the change on your own to get into a Living Learning community (provided there is still space available within the community).    1. Login in to your eHousing account   2. Select “View My Applications” from the menu on the left   3. Select the “App No” for your Fall application   4. Select “Edit” for your Application Type and choose the Living Learning option. Hit "Continue".   5. Select the Living Learning Community you want to join from the drop down list on the Living Learning Communities step of the Housing Application.  Hit "Submit". If the Living Learning community you want is not available, click the link provided to direct you back to the Application Type step and re-select "Traditional Student"   6. Continue past the Application Summary step to the step that requests the application prepayment   7. If you haven’t already, make the $400 Housing pre-payment to finalize your Housing application and secure your space on the Living Learning Community you chose Visit Us Crumley Hall UNT Housing 1621 W. Highland St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us UNT Housing 1155 Union Circle #311310 Denton, TX 76203 Phone: (940) 565-2610 Fax: (940) 369-8764 Contact Us (940) 565-2610 housinginfo@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 