 housing   job opportunities rla faq Residence Life Advisor FAQ RA HA FA Housing housing   job opportunities rla faq Residence Life Advisor FAQ RA HA FA Housing housing   job opportunities rla faq Residence Life Advisor FAQ RA HA FA Housing housing   job opportunities rla faq Residence Life Advisor FAQ RA HA FA Housing housing   job opportunities rla faq Residence Life Advisor FAQ RA HA FA Housing housing   job opportunities rla faq Residence Life Advisor FAQ RA HA FA Housing housing   job opportunities rla faq Residence Life Advisor FAQ RA HA FA Housing housing   job opportunities rla faq Residence Life Advisor FAQ RA HA FA Housing housing   job opportunities rla faq Residence Life Advisor FAQ RA HA FA Housing housing   job opportunities rla faq Residence Life Advisor FAQ RA HA FA Housing  Residence Life Advisor FAQ (RA, HA, FA) | Housing Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Housing Guide Residence Halls Rates » Rates Deadlines 2016-2017 Housing Rates 2017 Summer Rates 2017-2018 Rates Guide LLCs » LLCs Apply Living Learning FAQ Housing Policies » Housing Policies Housing Handbook Contract Terms and Conditions Commuter Exception Staff Job Opportunities » Job Opportunities Day Desk Clerk Night Desk Clerk Hall Director Assistant Hall Director RLA FAQ Part-time Desk Clerk eHousing Search form Search Housing MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Housing Main menu Home Housing Guide Residence Halls RatesDeadlines 2016-2017 Housing Rates 2017 Summer Rates 2017-2018 Rates Guide LLCsApply Living Learning FAQ Housing PoliciesHousing Handbook Contract Terms and Conditions Commuter Exception Job OpportunitiesDay Desk Clerk Night Desk Clerk Hall Director Assistant Hall Director Part-time Desk Clerk RLA FAQ Staff eHousing Fall 2017 RLA Selection Timeline December 16 – Fall 2017 RLA Application Opens January 25  at 12:00PM – RLA Application deadline February 1 at 12:00PM – References Due February 9-11 – Group Interview Day February 13 ~ March 8 – Individual Interviews March 9 – Roundtable March 13- Offers Extended RLA Application FAQ Do I qualify? How do I apply? Do I need references? Who can provide a reference? What do I need to apply? What happens after I apply? What is Phase I? What is Phase II? Can I work at a specific hall? How many positions are being filled? What are the benefits of being a RLA? I didn't get hired by any hall. Is there still a chance one will hire me? How do I best prepare to be hired? My question was not answered. Do I qualify? You must have a 2.75 cumulative UNT GPA at the time you submit your RLA application. If you are a transfer student and do not currently have a UNT GPA, you need to submit transcripts from your previous institutions to show that your transfer GPA is at least 2.75. Please keep in mind that any job offer made is contingent on you earning a semester GPA of at least 2.75 during the semester that you are going through the RLA selection process.  Any leadership and related job experiences will also be considered and enhance your application. back to top How do I apply? To complete a RLA application (for Resident Assistant, Housing Ambassador, or Facility Assistant positions) for the Fall 2017 selection process, link to the application HERE . If you are interested in applying to be considered for a Resident Assistant position with the Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science (TAMS), link to their RA selection process information HERE. back to top Do I need references? Yes, you will need to have at least two (2) good references fill out our Reference Form. Each of your references will need to fill out the form and have it returned by the application deadline on the calendar. If they would like to include a letter, we will consider that information as well. Please have them returned to the Special Assistant for Residence Life in Crumley Hall. back to top Who can provide a reference? Hall Directors, professors or instructors, past employers, and church leaders can be considered a valid reference. A Current RLA (Resident Assistant, Housing Ambassador, or Facility Assistant), Residence Hall Association (RHA) Executive, or other Part-time staff member cannot be used as a reference. back to top What do I need to apply? A complete application includes completing the entire online RLA Application on this website and two (2) references. If you are transferring to UNT and have no current UNT GPA, please include transcripts from other colleges you have attended. back to top What happens after I apply? After you turn in your completed application, you will be considered by the RLA Selection committee.  They will review your application to make sure you are qualified and have all the necessary paperwork before you go further with the interview process. You will be notified via email if you passed the paper-cut. If you pass the paper-cut, you will participate in Phase I interviews. Candidates that pass the Phase 1 Interviews will be notified by email, and then begin to be contacted by interested Supervisors/Hall Directors. Please refer to the calendar on the side tool bar for a list of specific dates.  Phase II refers to the actual hall interview from which final decisions are made. Return to top What is Phase I? Phase I  comprises several group interactions. You will be placed in a group of 4-6 candidates and will be asked to work together to complete teamwork and critical thinking tasks. back to top What is Phase II? Phase II comprises an individual interview with a specific hall that is interested in your candidacy.  You may receive one or several invitations to interview during Phase II.  It is required that you  to accept all invitations and not restrict your opportunities to the one hall that is your preference. Typically the interview will involve the Hall Director, Assistant Hall Director and perhaps another RA. back to top Can I work at a specific hall? While you may express interest in a particular hall, if you are selected, you will be placed where needed. back to top How many positions are being filled? The number of open RLA positions varies by semester. Some semesters  we need many new people to fill positions; sometimes we need only a few.  It depends on how many RLAs are graduating or stepping down.  We will have a preliminary count of open positions for the coming semester by Phase I interviews, but that number is subject to change. back to top What are the benefits of being a RLA? RLAs receive room and board as well as a stipend of approximately $200 per full month worked. back to top I didn't get hired by any hall. Is there still a chance one will call me? Yes, there is a possibility that you can still get called for an interview or a job offer after Phase II ends. Occasionally, after Supervisors/Hall Directors hire for all of the anticipated empty positions, another opening can come up for any number of reasons. In this case, Supervisors/HDs may call people who passed to Phase II but were not initially offered a job. back to top How do I best prepare to be hired? Getting involved in your hall by participating in hall programs, helping out your Hall Association, or taking opportunities to gain leadership experience and involvement in other campus organizations can help prepare you for an RLA position.  back to top My question was not answered. If your question was not answered, please feel free to e-mail Talent Management at: housingrecruitment@unt.edu  or call (940) 565-2610. back to top   Visit Us Crumley Hall UNT Housing 1621 W. Highland St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us UNT Housing 1155 Union Circle #311310 Denton, TX 76203 Phone: (940) 565-2610 Fax: (940) 369-8764 Contact Us (940) 565-2610 housinginfo@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 