s housing   housing payments through my acco Housing payments through my acco Housings housing   housing payments through my acco Housing payments through my acco Housings housing   housing payments through my acco Housing payments through my acco Housings housing   housing payments through my acco Housing payments through my acco Housings housing   housing payments through my acco Housing payments through my acco Housings housing   housing payments through my acco Housing payments through my acco Housings housing   housing payments through my acco Housing payments through my acco Housings housing   housing payments through my acco Housing payments through my acco Housings housing   housing payments through my acco Housing payments through my acco Housings housing   housing payments through my acco Housing payments through my acco Housing  Housing payments through myUNT account | Housing Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Housing Guide Residence Halls Rates » Rates Deadlines 2016-2017 Housing Rates 2017 Summer Rates 2017-2018 Rates Guide LLCs » LLCs Apply Living Learning FAQ Housing Policies » Housing Policies Housing Handbook Contract Terms and Conditions Commuter Exception Staff Job Opportunities » Job Opportunities Day Desk Clerk Night Desk Clerk Hall Director Assistant Hall Director RLA FAQ Part-time Desk Clerk eHousing Search form Search Housing MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Housing Main menu Home Housing Guide Residence Halls RatesDeadlines 2016-2017 Housing Rates 2017 Summer Rates 2017-2018 Rates Guide LLCsApply Living Learning FAQ Housing PoliciesHousing Handbook Contract Terms and Conditions Commuter Exception Job OpportunitiesDay Desk Clerk Night Desk Clerk Hall Director Assistant Hall Director Part-time Desk Clerk RLA FAQ Staff eHousing All balances for UNT Housing room and board charges will be posted to each student’s myUNT account with their tuition and fee charges for the semester.   How does it work? Following being assigned to a room, UNT Housing will transfer all charges to a student’s myUNT account for payment.  The total charge amount for the semester will be listed in the term summary as “Room and Board Charges”.  Students will still be able to review details of their account through their eHousing account.  Accepted Financial Aid will be directly applied to the semester UNT Housing balance by Student Accounting, following full payment of tuition and fees.  As a result, depending on the total amount of accepted aid for the semester, a student may have a remaining balance for UNT Housing room and board.  Remaining semester charges are able to paid in full or split in to three installment payment over the course of the long semester.  The installment plan for UNT Housing is applied automatically to any student with an unpaid balance and there is no additional cost for the installment plan.  How do I make a payment? Payments for any remaining UNT Housing balance, following the application of accepted aid, must be made through a student’s myUNT account or through the Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services staff in the Eagle Student Services Center.  Housing will no longer accept payment for semester charges.  What else should I know? Students should be prepared to have out of pocket funds to make textbook and class supply purchases because tuition, fee and housing charges are all paid prior to a financial aid refund disbursement to the student.  If the student’s accepted aid for the semester is exhausted by the UNT term charges, there will not be remaining funds to be dispersed to the student.    Students with questions about their financial aid award for the year should consult with Student Financial Aid and Scholarships.  For assistance with budget planning or to inquire about loan programs options that are available to assist with textbook purchases, students should consult with the Student Money Management Center. Visit Us Crumley Hall UNT Housing 1621 W. Highland St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us UNT Housing 1155 Union Circle #311310 Denton, TX 76203 Phone: (940) 565-2610 Fax: (940) 369-8764 Contact Us (940) 565-2610 housinginfo@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 