 housing   view announcements Announcements Housing housing   view announcements Announcements Housing housing   view announcements Announcements Housing housing   view announcements Announcements Housing housing   view announcements Announcements Housing housing   view announcements Announcements Housing housing   view announcements Announcements Housing housing   view announcements Announcements Housing housing   view announcements Announcements Housing housing   view announcements Announcements Housing  Announcements | Housing Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Housing Guide Residence Halls Rates » Rates Deadlines 2016-2017 Housing Rates 2017 Summer Rates 2017-2018 Rates Guide LLCs » LLCs Apply Living Learning FAQ Housing Policies » Housing Policies Housing Handbook Contract Terms and Conditions Commuter Exception Staff Job Opportunities » Job Opportunities Day Desk Clerk Night Desk Clerk Hall Director Assistant Hall Director RLA FAQ Part-time Desk Clerk eHousing Search form Search Housing MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Housing Main menu Home Housing Guide Residence Halls RatesDeadlines 2016-2017 Housing Rates 2017 Summer Rates 2017-2018 Rates Guide LLCsApply Living Learning FAQ Housing PoliciesHousing Handbook Contract Terms and Conditions Commuter Exception Job OpportunitiesDay Desk Clerk Night Desk Clerk Hall Director Assistant Hall Director Part-time Desk Clerk RLA FAQ Staff eHousing Assignment Queue for 17/18 returning and upperclassmen Housing application Housing has reached its projected cap for returning and upperclassmen Housing applications for the 2017 -2018 academic year.  With that being the case, we’ve transitioned the Housing application for returners and upperclassmen to an Assignment Queue. What does that mean? Returning students and upperclassmen that are interested in living on campus for the 2017 - 2018 year that have yet to complete a Housing application can add themselves to the Assignment Queue (AQ) by completing the application and making their housing pre-payment (and application fee as applicable).  Those students that are on the Assignment Queue will be assigned as space for returning and upperclassmen students becomes available. Some important things to note about the AQ: 1. The AQ application does not allow you to specify a hall or room type preference. ◦ At the point you reach the top of the AQ, you will be assigned to the next space that is available for use. 2. The AQ application requires full payment of the pre-payment and housing application fee in order to take your spot in line on the actual AQ. ◦ You won’t be assigned a number on the AQ until you make the payment to complete your application 3. Students can review their position and progress on the AQ through the Assignment Queue Status link in eHousing. ◦ Once you complete the application, you will be able to find out where you fall in line on the AQ. 4. Students that want to cancel an AQ application must contact Housing to do so. ◦ If you decide to secure off-campus housing, it is your responsibility to contact UNT Housing to cancel your AQ application and avoid assignment to a room assigned. Housing will discuss the refund process individually with students that wish to cancel from the AQ. While we hope to be able to accommodate everyone, there is a possibility that not all of the returning and upperclassmen students that complete an AQ application will be able to be assigned to Housing for the coming year.  With that being a possibility, exploring other off-campus housing options may be in your best interest to avoid being without living arrangements in August. Summer 2017 Application The application to live on campus for the Summer 2017 term is available through eHousing.  Studentsa are able to apply for any combination of the 3 available terms - May-mester (3WK1), Summer 1 (5WK1) and Summer 2 (5WK2) to correspond with terms that they are enrolled for classes.  Steps to make a hall and meal plan preference selection are available during the application process.  Term dates, available residence halls and room types, meal plan options and associated rates are available through the 2017 Summer Rates section of the Housing website.   2017 - 2018 Housing Application is OPEN! UNT Housing's 2017-2018 application is open as of January 18th, 2017 at 8:30 AM With the early rush of students who will be starting the application process, eHousing will have a cap to restrict the number of simultaneous users allowed to log in to avoid crashing the system.  If you attempt to log in to eHousing and receive a message indicating as such, wait and try logging in later.  Rest assured that because each applicant can only hold one space with their application, everyone will have an opportunity to claim a space in the residence halls equally.  Thank you for being patient with the process.  We appreciate that you want to get your Housing arrangements made and you will have that opportunity soon.  Current and incoming students are able to reserve a bed space in one of the residence halls by completing the application and making the $400 Housing prepayment and deposit. Prior to applying for Housing, take time to review information throughout the website including the accommodations available in each of the residence halls, information about the cost of Housing, and the opportunity offered by our Living Learning Communities so that you can make an informed decision when completing your application. Allocated space for freshmen and upperclassmen will be available on a first come, first serve basis.  Suite Bathroom Lock Information In January 2015, UNT received a directive from the State Fire Marshal's Office (SFMO) to examine the bathroom locks in all residential bathrooms to determine if the locks met National Fire Prevention Association (NFPA) Life Safety Code requirements for Hotels and Dormitories and if locks existed that did not meet those requirements a solution to eliminate the possibility of a person becoming trapped in the bathroom was required.  UNT conducted an evaluation of its residence hall bathroom facilities and found that our suite bathroom locks did not meet the NFPA code and we began the process to address the SFMO directive.  UNT explored many alternatives to the bathroom door hardware and was unable to find any that met the NFPA code requirements and provided feasible individual room security.  Additionally, UNT was told that the State Fire Marshall's office was not aware of a locking alternative that would meet fire code directive and be approved.  Ultimately, UNT decided that removal of the bathroom locks on all suited bathroom doors was the only solution to comply with the State Fire Marshall’s directive.  UNT as well as every major university housing operation we have contacted have implemented similar steps to remove non-compliant locks.  The process to remove all suite bathroom locking hardware began in the late summer of 2015 and is continuing during the fall 2015 semester with an expected completion in all residence halls by late October 2015.  Halls that have had the update completed include Clark Hall, Crumley Hall, Kerr Hall, Maple Hall and McConnell Hall.  As of late September, College Inn, Legends Hall, and Traditions Hall are yet to be completed.  UNT and UNT Housing remain committed to resident safety, security, wellbeing and success through numerous layers and measures of support.  Students should use this as an opportunity to engage their suite-mates in a dialog about how to develop boundaries, shared respect and measures to secure the privacy, safety, and security of all students and their friends who are sharing a suite.  College should teach our students the skills they need to meet new and different people, engage in meaningful communication, resolve differences, and negotiate shared solutions.  UNT Housing staff is encouraging these discussions through RA wing and Hall meetings and are trained and prepared to facilitate these discussions as well as mediate and resolve suite-mate issues.   UNT and UNT Housing do not condone individual measures for residents to circumvent the State Fire Marshall's directive. Any such actions, if known to UNT Housing will result in judicial action from UNT Housing and if actions persist, University judicial sanctions.  Measures for residents to circumvent the State Fire Marshall's directive could potentially subject residents to further legal liability if their action were to cause harm to one of their suite-mates.  UNT can allow students to utilize safety alarms on bathroom doors that do not impede the ability to exit the bathroom space but provide an audible alert upon entry of the bedroom space from the bathroom.  Students can find acceptable options at many retail locations and through online consumer sites – a generic search result for ”door alarm” will produce several reasonably priced options for consideration.  Students or parents with concerns may contact their RA, the Hall Director for their building or Housing Administration.  Mean Green Cinema UNT Housing has partnered with Residence Life Cinema to bring movies that residents can access through any computer connected through the UNT Housing residential network.  Connect to the movies by following this link - UNT HOUSING RESLIFE CINEMA  - or - insert the following in to your web browser's address bar - 10.0.101.10 You can bookmark the site in your browser and return at any time to watch.  Housing payments through myUNT account All balances for UNT Housing room and board charges will be posted to each student’s myUNT account with their tuition and fee charges for the semester.   How does it work? Following being assigned to a room, UNT Housing will transfer all charges to a student’s myUNT account for payment.  The total charge amount for the semester will be listed in the term summary as “Room and Board Charges”.  Students will still be able to review details of their account through their eHousing account.  Accepted Financial Aid will be directly applied to the semester UNT Housing balance by Student Accounting, following full payment of tuition and fees.  As a result, depending on the total amount of accepted aid for the semester, a student may have a remaining balance for UNT Housing room and board.  Remaining semester charges are able to paid in full or split in to three installment payment over the course of the long semester.  The installment plan for UNT Housing is applied automatically to any student with an unpaid balance and there is no additional cost for the installment plan.  How do I make a payment? Payments for any remaining UNT Housing balance, following the application of accepted aid, must be made through a student’s myUNT account or through the Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services staff in the Eagle Student Services Center.  Housing will no longer accept payment for semester charges.  What else should I know? Students should be prepared to have out of pocket funds to make textbook and class supply purchases because tuition, fee and housing charges are all paid prior to a financial aid refund disbursement to the student.  If the student’s accepted aid for the semester is exhausted by the UNT term charges, there will not be remaining funds to be dispersed to the student.    Students with questions about their financial aid award for the year should consult with Student Financial Aid and Scholarships.  For assistance with budget planning or to inquire about loan programs options that are available to assist with textbook purchases, students should consult with the Student Money Management Center. Visit Us Crumley Hall UNT Housing 1621 W. Highland St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us UNT Housing 1155 Union Circle #311310 Denton, TX 76203 Phone: (940) 565-2610 Fax: (940) 369-8764 Contact Us (940) 565-2610 housinginfo@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 