 studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services Programs and Services Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services Programs and Services Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services Programs and Services Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services Programs and Services Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services Programs and Services Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services Programs and Services Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services Programs and Services Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services Programs and Services Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services Programs and Services Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services Programs and Services Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs  Programs and Services - Student Activities Center | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Activities Center » Home About Us Programs and Services Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Activities Center Home About Us Programs and Services Guides Contact DSA Home Programs & Services Building Blocks Off-Campus Student Services is proud to host a series of presentations for UNT Faculty/Staff/Students with... By: Student Activities Center Coffee & Convos The purpose of this program is to grant Non-Traditional & Graduate students the opportunity to engage... By: Student Activities Center Commuter Week Commuter Week, is a full week of programming just for Commuter Students. During this week you can find events... By: Student Activities Center Eagle Awards Every year, Student Activities coordinates the nomination and selection of a number of awards that recognize... By: Student Activities Center EarthFest EarthFest is a sustainable event celebrating international Earth Day. This year’s event will have live... By: Student Activities Center Family Fun Night The purpose of this event is to highlight non-traditional students, expose them to available on-campus... By: Student Activities Center Family Movie Night The purpose of this event is to highlight non-traditional students, allow their family to see the university... By: Student Activities Center Homecoming 2016 Homecoming will be held from October 31 - November 5 with the Football game on 11/5 vs. Louisiana Tech! By: Student Activities Center Housing Fair Held every Fall & Spring semester, the Housing Fair invites on-campus and local off-campus housing... By: Student Activities Center Involvement Advising Want to get involved on campus but don't know where to start? The UNT Campus Life Ambassadors can help. By: Student Activities Center Mean Green Fling Mean Green Fling is the event that kicks off the start of the school year! By: Student Activities Center Mean Green Spring Fling Mean Green Spring Fling is an opportunity for all interested students to stop by and learn more about how to... By: Student Activities Center Nest Watchers Nest Watchers is a babysitters clearinghouse designed to provide UNT-Denton student-parents with an... By: Student Activities Center Non-Trad Week Non-Traditional Student Week, is a full week of programming just for Non-Traditional Students and their... By: Student Activities Center Off-Campus Connection Off-Campus Student Services partners with students who live off-campus to support the creation of a community... By: Student Activities Center Off-Campus Housing If you are looking for off-campus housing, Off-Campus Student Services can assist you in getting the process... By: Student Activities Center Off-Campus Student Services Off-Campus Student Services, part of Student Activities, serves as a liaison between students and departments... By: Student Activities Center Professional Picture Day Be sure a potential employer sees you at your best! Come dressed professionally and get a FREE digital... By: Student Activities Center Quiz Bowl By: Student Activities Center Spirit Groups Student Activities works closely with the North Texas Cheerleaders, North Texas Dancers, and Scrappy to help... By: Student Activities Center Student Organization Leader Development (SOLD) Workshops Looking for an opportunity to take your Student Organization to the next level? Attend Student Organization... By: Student Activities Center Student Organizations One of the goals of Student Activities is to help students make connections on campus and maximize their... By: Student Activities Center University Day University Day, first held May 10, 1961, marks the day North Texas State College became North Texas State... By: Student Activities Center Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 