s studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services nest watchers Nest Watchers Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services nest watchers Nest Watchers Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services nest watchers Nest Watchers Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services nest watchers Nest Watchers Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services nest watchers Nest Watchers Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services nest watchers Nest Watchers Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services nest watchers Nest Watchers Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services nest watchers Nest Watchers Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services nest watchers Nest Watchers Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services nest watchers Nest Watchers Division of Student Affairs  Nest Watchers | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Activities Center » Home About Us Programs and Services Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Activities Center Home About Us Programs and Services Guides Contact DSA Home Nest Watchers What is Nest Watchers? Nest Watchers is a babysitters clearinghouse designed to provide UNT-Denton student-parents with an additional resource when looking for hourly child care. Nest Watchers connects current UNT student-parents who express a need for babysitting services with current UNT students who are interested in babysitting. It serves as a means for students (babysitters) to help other students (parents), while they benefit in return, via a paid job. The primary goal is to provide student-parents the flexibility in child care, allowing them a greater focus on academic performance. The secondary goal is to provide student babysitters with a means for a supplemental income. Join the Nest Watchers program Babysitters Are you a current UNT student who enjoys babysitting? Are you in good academic and disciplinary status at UNT? Are you looking for a little extra cash or a job that works well with your school schedule? If so, sign up to be included on a list of babysitters for fellow UNT student-parents to choose from! How to Sign Up Go to the Nest Watchers Babysitter Interest Form Summer 2017- https://orgsync.com/71585/forms/260867 Fall 2017- https://orgsync.com/71585/forms/260868 Enter your EUID and password to log in. Complete the fields and submit the form. Some fields (e.g., contact information, ID number) are required. Some fields (e.g., certification information) are optional.* OCSS will receive the Form and verify your eligibility (i.e., enrollment, academic standing, disciplinary standing). Upon request, OCSS will send a student-parent the babysitters list. The parent will determine who to contact, based on who they believe may be the best fit for their family. A new Babysitter Interest Form will need to be completed each semester that a student wishes to be included on the babysitters list. If at any point during the current semester you would like to be removed from the babysitters list, please contact OCSS. Student-Parents Are you a current UNT student in need of babysitting services? If so, sign up request a list of potential UNT student babysitters! How to Request a List Go to the Nest Watchers Parent Interest Form Summer 2017- https://orgsync.com/71585/forms/260863 Fall 2017- https://orgsync.com/71585/forms/260864 Enter your EUID and password to log in. Complete the fields and submit the form. OCSS will receive the Form and verify your eligibility (i.e., enrollment). Within 2 business days, an OCSS representative will send you a spreadsheet of potential babysitters who meet your preferred characteristics (i.e., age, gender, and whether they have reliable transportation). A new Parent Interest Form will need to be completed each semester that a student wishes to request a list. Background Checks and Training Opportunities* It is the babysitter’s responsibility, at their own expense, to secure a voluntary background check and any training or certification that they desire to report on the interest form. While these are voluntary, babysitters who provide this information are likely to be more marketable to student-parents. Background Checks and Sex Offender Registry Babysitters There are many entities that provide background checks, and what records they check varies in scope and thus, price. OCSS does not endorse any particular background check service. If you would like to conduct a state-wide check on yourself, through the Texas Department of Public Safety: Go to www.records.txdps.state.tx.us Click on Criminal History Conviction Search If new to the search system, click “New User Sign Up” Create an account Click that you want to do a search for your own record Verify that your name is spelled correctly, then enter your full date of birth Select that you want to continue/purchase credits Input credit card information and confirm the purchase After the database completes its search, you will see a results page. Print or take a screenshot of that page: If done correctly the first time, the background check will cost less than $4. Student Parents Please review all content above and below regarding Nest Watchers, to understand what information OCSS requests of potential babysitters (via the Babysitter Interest Form), as well as the parent’s responsibilities. Note that OCSS only verifies babysitter eligibility (i.e., currently enrolled, good academic and disciplinary status) and then provides the parent with the information that the babysitters provided to OCSS on the Babysitter Interest Form. It is the parent’s responsibility to verify information that the babysitter provided (e.g., ask for proof of completion of First Aid/CPR training if they claim to have taken it). Some babysitters will voluntarily get a background check run on him or herself. Please know that there are many entities that provide background checks. What records they check varies in scope and thus, price. Parents are encouraged to review the background check service’s web page to determine what types of records are checked and the level of “severity” of records are reported. OCSS does not endorse any particular background check service. Many babysitters are likely to conduct a state-wide check through the Texas Department of Public Safety (DPS). According to the DPS web page, the information that would be returned on a check would include “arrests, prosecutions and the disposition of the case for persons arrested for Class B misdemeanor or greater violation of Texas criminal statutes,” if they are reported to the DPS. A record with no results should look like the example above. If you would like to conduct a Texas Public Sex Offender Registry search, Go to www.records.txdps.state.tx.us Click on Texas Public Sex Offender Registry Click on Registrant Name Input the babysitter’s first and last name and date of birth and click Search This database is available for free. To conduct a national sex offender search, Go to www.nsopw.gov Input the babysitter’s first and last name and click Search This database is available for free. Training Opportunities OCSS does not endorse any specific training or certification. You are encouraged to search for other options to determine the best fit for you. One option for Babysitting Training Courses is through the American Red Cross. One option for CPR/First Aid Training is through the American Red Cross. You might consider pediatric training for maximum effectiveness. Finding a Good Fit Once OCSS sends the potential babysitters list to the parent, it will be the parent’s responsibility to contact potential babysitters, communicate their child(ren)’s needs, and determine if the babysitter is a good fit for their family. It is likewise the babysitter’s responsibility to determine if the job is a good fit for themselves. First Meeting To assist in making the initial meeting as comfortable and productive as possible, OCSS has compiled some useful tips and model interview questions for both parents and babysitters who are seeking an effective partnership with one another. This list is not inclusive. Tips for Student-Parents and Potential Babysitters Create interview questions (see below for examples) Meet for the first time in a public place Always tell someone where you’re going and how long you plan on being there Trust your gut Additional Tips for Parents Request the babysitter’s references and résumé Request a copy of certifications or proof of training (e.g., Babysitting Training, Infant CPR/First Aid) that the babysitter claims to have completed Consider their experience/background Bring a visual copy of your child(ren)’s schedule Do a “Kid Test” (bring your children with you) Think about how much you are willing to pay (on average, babysitters with experience are paid $10-$15 per hour) Additional Tips for Babysitters Bring a physical copy of your résumé and references Research various certifications relative to your desired position (e.g., Babysitting Training, Infant CPR/First Aid) and complete them Bring a copy of your class/work schedule Voice questions/concerns you may have about general responsibilities Develop a range of pay to discuss with the parent. On average, babysitters with experience are paid $10-$15 per hour Potential Interview Questions Parent What does a typical week look like for you? (to gauge availability) Do you have character and work references? What qualifies you for this position? Do you have a reliable form of transportation? What is your preference regarding pets? Are you okay with them? Tell me about your experience with children. Do you have any experience with special needs childcare? What age ranges do you have experience with, and are you most comfortable with? What activities do you like doing with kids? How do you comfort and discipline children? How do you deal with a child who is having a temper tantrum? Have you had problems in the past following directives like discipline, development, and daily routines? What have been the most challenging and rewarding parts about being a babysitter? What was your scariest or most difficult babysitting moment? How did you handle the situation? Have you ever had to handle a child emergency? What did you do and what was the outcome? Do you have infant and child CPR certification? If so, can you provide proof? If not, would you be willing to receive such training? What do you enjoy doing in your free time? How are your grades? What do you enjoy doing outside the classroom? What is your expected rate of pay? How much advance notice would you need to be able to work? Babysitter Can you walk me through a typical day with your child(ren)? What experience do you have working with a babysitter? What are your family’s routines and who are the people involved? Do you have pets, a pool, or anything else I should know about? What would you expect of me (e.g., help with homework, housework, chores)? What are your rules for talking on the telephone? Watching TV? Using the internet? Do you expect me to discipline your child? If so, how? What resources and contacts do you have if there is an emergency? Is your child on any medications? Does he/she have any special medical needs or health concerns, such as allergies or asthma? What are his/her chores and responsibilities? What are his/her favorite toys, books, and things to do? What do you and your child do in your spare time? Is there anything that scares him/her? Does he/she have any habits you are trying to break? Reinforce? At what point should I contact you if a disciplinary issue arises? How often and for how many hours do you anticipate needing a babysitter? What is your rate of pay? What’s Next? You’ve met and have both decided that this a good fit for you! So, what’s next? Set expectations. Exchange your emergency contact information and any other important info that both parties should know (e.g., list of child’s allergies, doctor’s phone number, medications, etc.), and determine the babysitting schedule and pay rate. If no other issues arise, you should be on your way to a happy and successful partnership! Contact Us If you have any additional questions about Nest Watchers, please do not hesitate to contact OCSS@unt.edu or 940-565-3807. As a reminder, participation as a parent or babysitter in this program is voluntary, and any party can remove their participation at any time by contacting OCSS. Specifically, if a babysitter receives a job and is unable to accept another, they should let OCSS know to remove them from the potential babysitters list. The fine print: Nest Watchers is not a babysitting service, nor does it participate in any exchange of funds. It will not recommend a specific babysitter nor guarantee the “quality" of babysitter or parent. OCSS will serve solely as the means to make the initial connection between parents and potential babysitters. OCSS, via its webpage, will provide generic suggestions (e.g., potential interview questions, first meeting should be in a public place) for both the babysitters and parents. It is the parent’s responsibility to contact the potential babysitter, communicate their child(ren)’s needs, and determine if that babysitter is a good fit for their family. It is the Student-Parent’s responsibility to agree to a pay rate with the babysitter and remit payment directly to the babysitter. It is their joint responsibility to agree upon babysitting expectations (e.g., mileage reimbursement, where services will be rendered, rate of pay, and method of payment). It is likewise the babysitter’s responsibility to determine if the job is a good fit for him/herself, and to secure, at his/her own cost, the voluntary background check and any training or certification that he/she desires to report on the Babysitter Interest Form. If babysitters and parents have questions about liability, they are advised to contact an attorney at their own expense to discuss the Nest Watchers program, before submitting this form. Currently enrolled students may utilize UNT Student Legal Services for free. UNT will accept no responsibility for any loss, liabilities, expenses, claims or damage to the babysitter, parent, children, family members, property, or any other third parties, resulting from an introduction made through Nest Watchers.   Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 