 disability   Office of Disability Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation disability   Office of Disability Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation disability   Office of Disability Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation disability   Office of Disability Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation disability   Office of Disability Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation disability   Office of Disability Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation disability   Office of Disability Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation disability   Office of Disability Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation disability   Office of Disability Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation disability   Office of Disability Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation  Office of Disability Accommodation | Office of Disability Accommodation Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Services » Services Apply for Services Request Reasonable Accomodation Service and Comfort Animals File a Grievance Psychiatric Services Hearing Disabilities Vision Disabilities Physical and Medical Conditions Learning Disabilities & ADD/ADHD Message for Students Tips for Professionals Testing Center Parents, Faculty & Staff » Parents, Faculty & Staff Information for Parents Information for Faculty and Staff ADA Taglines for Publications and Syllabi Forms Resources Events FAQ About Us DSA Home Search form Search Office of Disability Accommodation MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of Disability Accommodation Main menu Home ServicesApply for Services Request Reasonable Accomodation Service and Comfort Animals File a Grievance Psychiatric Services Hearing Disabilities Vision Disabilities Physical and Medical Conditions Learning Disabilities & ADD/ADHD Message for Students Tips for Professionals Testing Center Parents, Faculty & StaffInformation for Parents Information for Faculty and Staff ADA Taglines for Publications and Syllabi Forms Resources Events FAQ About Us DSA Home Office of Disability Accommodation What We Do The Office of Disability Accommodation (ODA) at the University of North Texas exists to prevent discrimination on the basis of disability and to help students reach a higher level of independence. Our caring and professional staff helps students learn more about their disabilities, develop techniques to facilitate individual learning styles, learn how to talk to faculty and staff about your needs and develop strategies to achieve goals Apply for ODA Services New to ODA? Learn more about requesting accommodations that help over 1,000 students a year. Request Letters for Professors For registered ODA students, send a request for a reasonable accommodation to your professor. Make a Complaint  If you see an access problem on campus, please let us know! Or, do you need to file a grievance for a disability related concern? Apply Request Report Announcing ODA JOBS! Students with disabilities are more than 40% less likely to have secured employment a year after graduation than their peers without disabilities. The ODA has recently been closely aligned with the UNT Career Center and together we have launched several initiatives to help you beat these statistics! For all the details visit: ODA JOBS Blog. A Note to UNT Faculty and Online Content Creators, Please Help Make the Digital World at UNT Accessible to All Technology has enabled students with disabilities to access the educational environment like never before....that is, only if the digital resources are created in an accessible manner. Please watch this short video that describes how to make your digital course content compliant with the law but even more importantly, fully usable by students.   Disabilities Accommodated (2016 Fall)   Psychiatric Disability   250 ADD/ADHD 210 Learning Disability 186 Other Health  117 Visual  38 Deaf/Hard of Hearing 33 Mobility  26 Cognitive/TBI 24 Hours ODA Office Monday to Friday, 8am to 5pm Testing Center Monday to Friday, 8am to 5pm (Tests may be scheduled after 5pm and on weekends with 5 business days advance notice only for non-final exams and 15 business days notice for finals)   No Appointment Needed Monday to Friday, 3pm to 4pm Contact US Office of Disability Accommodation University of North Texas 1167 Union Circle Sage Hall Suite 167 Denton, TX 76201 Telephone: 940-565-4323Fax: 940-369-7969TTY: 800-Relay TX ODA Newsletter Volume 8, Issue 1   ODA Accommodations Examples Include Reduced Distraction Testing Rooms Assistive technology Adaptive furniture Alternative text conversion Sign Language Interpreters Disability related counseling and advising And many others ODA Blogs Support and Social Groups For Students with Disabilities Friday, August 19, 2016 - 12:22 NEW! Campus groups that enhance awareness of disabilities and/or provide support to students: Speak Out UNT! https://speakout.unt.edu/ is the... read more Construction Obstruction Report - Nov 2016 Friday, August 19, 2016 - 12:44 UNT MAIN CAMPUS                                     Flag #1                        NORTH TEXAS BOULEVARD/I-35 INTERSECTION-NORTH... read more ODA JOBS! Friday, August 19, 2016 - 14:50 Our plan to help students overcome the obstacles to successful employment after graduation involves close coordination with the UNT Career... read more Self advocacy Proves Tough for Students with Disabilities Friday, August 19, 2016 - 14:53 In a recent study conducted at Ferris State University, faculty rated how well ADA students were able to request accommodations and work with the... read more Fall 2016 Student Success and Snack Talks! Friday, August 19, 2016 - 14:55 Stop by the ODA in Sage 167 to learn more about the following topics and yes there will be food! 9/29/2016 Siri, Read My Textbook To Me  10-11 AM... read more more blog entries Visit Us Sage Hall 1167 Union Circle Sage Hall Suite 167 Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #310770 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-4323 Apply.ODA@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on March 02, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on March 02, 2017 | Important Links 