 pacs   baas Bachelor of Applied Arts Sciences pacs   baas Bachelor of Applied Arts Sciences pacs   baas Bachelor of Applied Arts Sciences pacs   baas Bachelor of Applied Arts Sciences pacs   baas Bachelor of Applied Arts Sciences pacs   baas Bachelor of Applied Arts Sciences pacs   baas Bachelor of Applied Arts Sciences pacs   baas Bachelor of Applied Arts Sciences pacs   baas Bachelor of Applied Arts Sciences pacs   baas Bachelor of Applied Arts Sciences  Bachelor of Applied Arts & Sciences Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Bachelor of Applied Arts & Sciences   in the Department of Community & Professional Programs BAAS Main Navigation (Primary Links) BAAS Home AboutWhat is BAAS? Potential Careers Transfer Students Veterans and military personnel Non-traditional students Getting StartedChecklist BAAS Advising Degree PlanDegree RequirementsUniversity Core Professional Foundations Occupational Specialization Professional Development Electives Course InfoCourse Format Considerations Online Options Classes at the CHEC FAQsFrequently Asked Questions Resources For StudentsScholarships Outstanding Student AwardStephanie Briggs Contact UsLocation Faculty & Staff Advising CHEC Contacts BAAS Home About Getting Started Degree Plan Course Info FAQs For Students Contact Us No matter where you started, we'll help you finish faster... Tagline No matter where you started, we’ll help you finish faster… Are you a transfer student? Transfer Students Get credit for community college workforce courses. Are you a veteran or active-duty military? Veterans or Active Military Receive credit for specialized military training. Are you a non-traditional student? Non-Traditional Students Design a plan around your career goals and work schedule. …online or in the classroom. …online or in the classroom. A single word that best describes the BAAS degree program is flexibility—flexibility in what, where and how you study. This multidisciplinary degree plan is designed around your interests and career goals. Whether your interests are business, criminal justice, alternative dispute resolution, sociology, psychology, non-profit management, or a host of others, we have course offerings to meet your needs. Take charge—your way! Get started today! Classes are available at the Collin Higher Education Center in McKinney as well as the main campus in Denton. You may also choose to complete all or part of your BAAS degree online. Quick Links Transfer to UNT Veterans Services Scholarships Collin Higher Education Center Visit Us Chilton Hall, Room 263 [map] Mail Us Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences 1155 Union Circle #304248 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us Phone: 940-565-4115 Fax: 940-565-2352 Email: BAAS@unt.edu Technical Problems? Last updated January 30, 2017 Disclaimer   |   AA/EOE/ADA   |   Privacy   |   Electronic Accessibility   |   State of Texas Online   |   Emergency Preparedness   |   THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information   |   UNT Compliance Hotline   |   Governors Committee on People with Disabilities   |   Texas Veterans Portal   |   UNT Home 