s deanofstudents   about letter from the dean Letter from the Dean Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   about letter from the dean Letter from the Dean Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   about letter from the dean Letter from the Dean Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   about letter from the dean Letter from the Dean Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   about letter from the dean Letter from the Dean Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   about letter from the dean Letter from the Dean Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   about letter from the dean Letter from the Dean Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   about letter from the dean Letter from the Dean Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   about letter from the dean Letter from the Dean Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   about letter from the dean Letter from the Dean Dean of Students  Letter from the Dean | Dean of Students Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About Us » About Us Staff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies Resources » Resources CARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual Misconduct » Sexual Misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Safety » Safety Missing Resident Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Drug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Fallen Eagles Conduct » Conduct Alcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQ » FAQ Students Parents DSA Home Search form Search Dean of Students MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Division of Student Affairs Dean of Students Main menu Home About UsStaff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies ResourcesCARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual Misconduct SafetyDrug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Missing Resident Fallen Eagles ConductAlcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQStudents Parents DSA Home Letter from the Dean Dear UNT Student, Your college years will be some of the most memorable of your life. The opportunities available to you at the University of North Texas inside and outside the classroom are absolutely incredible. While you are a student at UNT, I encourage you to get involved in our campus and stay connected. Consider joining your Residence Hall Association, an intramural sports team, a fraternity or sorority or any of the academic, social, and service organizations offered. Attend a home game in the brand new stadium or road trip with friends to an away game. Take in a concert in the Murchison or relax in the University Union between classes. Earn money as an on-campus student employee or raise money to help your favorite charity. Gain leadership experience by becoming an Orientation Leader, a Resident Assistant, an Eagle Ambassador, a member of the Student Government Association or many of the other leadership positions available. Every student is encouraged to take advantage of the multiple opportunities for leadership development, volunteerism, and student engagement. Your involvement and the friends you make along the way will only enhance your college experience. What will your experience at UNT look like? The Dean of Students Office is here to help you navigate through some of the concerns you may have as a student. We are your campus advocate and provide assistance when it comes to managing a crisis, understanding campus policies and procedures, and connecting you with the proper university resource. This support system, which extends beyond the walls of the Dean of Students, will help you find your way through any obstacle you may face while you are student. I encourage all students to explore the Dean of Students website as well as all the exceptional programs and services the Division of Student Affairs has to offer. Even more, I encourage you to stop by the Dean of Students Office and get to know the staff members who are dedicated to your education and overall development as a student and future alum of this great institution! Go Mean Green!!!! Green with Pride, Maureen “Moe” McGuinness, Ed.D. Dean of Students Assistant Vice President for Student Affairs About Us Staff Letter from the Dean Visit Us University Union 1155 Union Circle, Suite 409 Denton, Texas 76203 Mail Us Division of Student Affairs 1155 Union Circle #305008 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2648 deanofstudents@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 