s deanofstudents   resources food pantry Food Pantry Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   resources food pantry Food Pantry Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   resources food pantry Food Pantry Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   resources food pantry Food Pantry Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   resources food pantry Food Pantry Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   resources food pantry Food Pantry Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   resources food pantry Food Pantry Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   resources food pantry Food Pantry Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   resources food pantry Food Pantry Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   resources food pantry Food Pantry Dean of Students  Food Pantry | Dean of Students Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About Us » About Us Staff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies Resources » Resources CARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual Misconduct » Sexual Misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Safety » Safety Missing Resident Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Drug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Fallen Eagles Conduct » Conduct Alcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQ » FAQ Students Parents DSA Home Search form Search Dean of Students MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Division of Student Affairs Dean of Students Main menu Home About UsStaff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies ResourcesCARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual Misconduct SafetyDrug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Missing Resident Fallen Eagles ConductAlcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQStudents Parents DSA Home Food Pantry Overview The University of North Texas is taking action to address food insecurity among its students, and is doing so with a vision of partnership and community building. The Dean of Students Office has established a pantry that will provide an accessible on-campus food source for students in need. The food pantry launched at the start of the spring 2015 semester and is currently housed in the Union. Who It Serves Any current UNT student in need can visit the Food Pantry 8am-7pm Monday-Thursday and 8pm-5pm on Fridays. Students will check-in at the Dean of Students Office front desk in the Union, Suite 409. Students may go directly to room 366 from 5PM-7PM, Monday-Thursday. Students who visit the food pantry can request to meet with a staff member to discuss any difficulties they may be facing during the hours of 8am-5pm. When appropriate, referral to additional campus and/or community resources will be made. The Dean of Students Office has established protocols that allow for student confidentiality and dignity to be maintained. There is also a pantry located at the Discovery Park Location in the Engineering Library (M130) next to the Career Center. The Discovery Park Location is open on Tuesdays and Wednesday from 2PM-4PM. Donations Donations are accepted in the Dean of Students Office 8am-5pm Monday-Friday. Targeted items needed include: Pasta Sides Fruit Snacks Canned Fruit Instant Rice Pudding Cups Mashed Potatoes Fruit Cups Chef Boyardee Canned Tuna Muffins Boxed Cereal Microwave Popcorn Chili Crackers Toiletries Oatmeal Canned Vegetables Canned Beans Granola Bars Feminine Hygiene Products Additionally, partnerships have been established with various departments throughout the UNT campus to secure monthly donations. These units will conduct canned food drives within their departments and will donate items to the UNT Food Pantry during their designated month. The vision is for the UNT community to take a collective approach in addressing student hunger and take pride in the fact that together we can ensure that no student’s success is compromised because of food insecurity. Questions Any questions regarding the UNT Food Pantry should be directed to the address deanofstudents@unt.edu. Follow the Food Pantry Facebook | Twitter     Resources CARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Visit Us University Union 1155 Union Circle, Suite 409 Denton, Texas 76203 Mail Us Division of Student Affairs 1155 Union Circle #305008 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2648 deanofstudents@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 