s deanofstudents   sexual misconduct reporting sexual misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   sexual misconduct reporting sexual misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   sexual misconduct reporting sexual misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   sexual misconduct reporting sexual misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   sexual misconduct reporting sexual misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   sexual misconduct reporting sexual misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   sexual misconduct reporting sexual misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   sexual misconduct reporting sexual misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   sexual misconduct reporting sexual misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   sexual misconduct reporting sexual misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Dean of Students  Reporting Sexual Misconduct | Dean of Students Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About Us » About Us Staff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies Resources » Resources CARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual Misconduct » Sexual Misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Safety » Safety Missing Resident Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Drug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Fallen Eagles Conduct » Conduct Alcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQ » FAQ Students Parents DSA Home Search form Search Dean of Students MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Division of Student Affairs Dean of Students Main menu Home About UsStaff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies ResourcesCARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual MisconductReporting Sexual Misconduct SafetyDrug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Missing Resident Fallen Eagles ConductAlcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQStudents Parents DSA Home Reporting Sexual Misconduct UNT Survivor Advocate - Renee LeClaire McNamara The UNT Survivor Advocate’s role is to connect students who have been impacted by violence to resources (counseling, health, safety, academics, legal, etc.), and act as their advocate. Renee can assist a student by filing protective orders, completing crime victim’s compensation applications (she has gone through presumptive eligibility training), contacting professors for absences related to an assault, working with housing to facilitate a room change (if needed), and connecting students to the many other resources that are available, both on and off campus. She is here to help. The Survivor Advocate is also available to do presentations relating to sexual assault and intimate partner violence for groups, organizations, and classes. Additionally, if you are interested in getting involved with the prevention of sexual assault and intimate partner violence, please contact her. Renee can be reached through email at SurvivorAdvocate@unt.edu or by calling the Dean of Students Office at 940-565-2648. You are not alone. You are never to blame. We are here to help. What do I do if I have been sexually assaulted Definitions Reporting a sexual assault or domestic/dating violence incident Resources The Federal Campus Sexual Assault Victim's Bill of Rights Supporting a friend who has been affected by violence UNT's Committee on Prevention & Education on Sexual Assault & Intimate Partner Violence Guidelines for University Employees Statistics for Sexual Assault and Intimate Partner Violence References Campaign, Education, & Training   Back to Top What do I do if I have been sexually assaulted? Your safety is important. Go to a safe place away from the perpetrator. Consider reaching out to someone you trust for support. You do not have to go through this alone. Immediate medical attention may be necessary to prevent the spread of sexually transmitted infection and possible pregnancy, as well as treat any wounds incurred. The Sexual Assault Nurse Examiners (SANE) program is available at three hospitals in Denton County: Denton Regional Medical Center, Baylor Carrollton or Flower Mound Emergency Center. The nurse will perform the examination and stay with the victim throughout the treatment process. These three hospitals, Denton County Friends of the Family, and law enforcement collaborate to provide service and care to survivors of sexual assault. The UNT Student Health & Wellness Center does not have the SANE program and does not provide emergency care. The following information may be helpful to know regarding the SANE exam and advocacy services: In order to receive a sexual assault exam, you can either call the Denton County Friends of the Family crisis hotline at 940-382-7273, or go to one of the three hospitals in Denton County that offer the SANE program (Denton Regional Medical Center, Baylor Carrollton or Flower Mound Emergency Center). Do not shower, bath, douche, change or destroy clothes; do not eat, drink, smoke or chew gum, do not take any medications; do not remove sheets from bed; do not straighten room or place of the incident. Preserving evidence is critical for criminal prosecution. Although you may not want to prosecute immediately following the incident, that choice may not be available later without credible evidence. Receiving a SANE exam does not commit you to a full prosecution. Instead, it will preserve any potential evidence if you decide you would like to prosecute at a later date. For additional information, click the following link: Where to Report Sexual Violence. Back to Top Definitions What is consent? Consent is a voluntary, positive agreement between the participants to engage in specific sexual activity UNT Consent Video What is sexual violence? Sexual violence refers to physical sexual acts perpetrated against a person's will or where a person is incapable of giving consent due to use of drugs/alcohol or an intellectual disability. Sexual violence can occur between friends, classmates, spouses, romantic interests, acquaintances or strangers. Examples of sexual violence include rape, sexual assault, sexual battery and sexual coercion. What is dating violence? Dating violence is violence committed by a person who is or has been in a social relationship of a romantic or intimate nature with the victim; and where the existence of such a relationship shall be determined based on a consideration of the following factors: the length of the relationship, the type of relationship, and the frequency of interaction between the persons involved in the relationship. Some examples include: Physical Shoving Punching Slapping Pinching Hitting Kicking Hair pulling Strangling Intimidation (throwing things at you, blocking your way, etc.) Emotional/Verbal/Psychological Not letting you hang out with your friends Calling you frequently to find your whereabouts Telling you what to wear Having to be with you all the time Calling you names Jealousy Belittling you What is stalking? The engaging in a course or conduct directed at a specific person that would cause a reasonable person to fear for his or her safety or the safety of others, or to suffer substantial emotional distress. Here are a few examples of common stalking incidents: Show up at home or work uninvited Send you unwanted messages Leave unwanted gifts Constantly call you and hang up For additional information: UNT Dating Violence, Domestic Violence, & Stalking Brochure (English) - (Spanish) UNT Sexual Violence Brochure (English) - (Spanish)    Back to Top Reporting Student Conduct Process Dean of Students (940-565-2648) – You may contact the Dean of Students who will begin an investigation upon your request.  If the aggressor was a student, the Dean of Students will investigate possible violations of the Code of Student Conduct which could result in disciplinary sanctions up to expulsion of a student from the university. The Dean of Students may also be able to take immediate action to assist. Title IX Coordinator (940-565-2759: Survivors may contact the Title IX Coordinator in the Office of Equity and Diversity (Hurley 175 for information about their rights under Title IX, and for information about the university's investigative procedures. Police Reporting Campus or local police (940-565-3000) - You may file a police report with campus police for sexual assaults occurring on campus or with local police for sexual assaults occurring off campus. When making a report to police, you may choose to report using a pseudonym so that your name will not appear in public files. Back to Top Resources You are not alone.  We are here to help. UNT Survivor Advocate, SurvivorAdvocate@unt.edu  The UNT Survivor Advocate’s role is to connect students who have been affected by violence to resources (counseling, health, safety, academics, legal, etc.), and act as their advocate. The advocate can assist a student by doing things like filing protective orders, completing crime victim’s compensation applications, contacting professors for absences related to an assault, working with housing to facilitate a room change (if needed), and connecting students to the many other resources that are available, both on and off campus. On-Campus Resources Counseling & Testing Health & Wellness Center Meadows Center for Health Resources Psychology Clinic Counseling & Human Development Center Child & Family Resources Clinic Student Legal Services Off-Campus Resources Denton Regional Medical Center Denton County Friends of the Family Denton County Health Department Denton Police Department National Resources The National Domestic Violence Hotline The Rape, Abuse, and Incest National Network Back to Top The Federal Campus Sexual Assault Victim's Bill of Rights Survivors shall be notified of their options to notify law enforcement. Accuser and accused must have the same opportunity to have others present. Both parties shall be informed of the outcome of any disciplinary proceeding. Survivors shall be notified of counseling services. Survivors shall be notified of options for changing academic and living situations. Back to Top Supporting a friend who has been impacted by violence Supporting a survivor of sexual assault First, believe your friend. Do not judge or blame him/her; what happened was not the fault of the survivor. Stay with the survivor. Lend a listening ear. Encourage survivors to contact the UNT Police, Dean of Students, or Title IX Coordinator, and guide them to campus and community resources. Find your own support system. Supporting a survivor of intimate partner violence Acknowledge that the individual is in a difficult and scary situation. Let the person know she/he is not alone. Support, listen, and be available. Remember it may be difficult for the individual to talk about the abuse. Be non-judgmental and respect the individual's decisions. There are many reasons why she/he may stay in an abusive relationship. Do not criticize the person's choice to stay. Show you are concerned. Describe what you see is going on and that you want to help. Let the person know she/he deserves a healthy, non-violent relationship. If the individual breaks up with the abuser, continue to be supportive. She/he may feel sad or lonely and be tempted to return to the abuser. Encourage the individual to talk with professionals who can offer support. Back to Top UNT's Committee on Prevention & Education on Sexual Assault & Intimate Partner Violence The Dean of Students Office and the Student Government Association have coordinated a University-wide committee involving faculty, staff and students to work on programs, education and prevention efforts for our community on Sexual Assault and Intimate Partner Violence. Denton County and City of Denton are also involved in helping in this endeavor. We invite any UNT Community member to get involved by emailing the Survivor Advocate at Renee LeClaire McNamara. The committee is broken into eight subcommittees: Advocacy - This group will evaluate advocacy issues at UNT and make recommendations regarding advocacy. First Flight - This is our outreach efforts for freshmen before fall classes start to educate and prevent these acts of violence. Take Back the Night- This will be on TBD, where we program against sexual assault and organize a march to support survivors on the UNT Campus. October - October is Domestic Violence and Dating Violence Awareness Month – This group will program outreach and education throughout the month of October. April - April is Sexual Assault Awareness Month – This group will program outreach and education throughout the month of April. LGBTQIA - This group will look at ways to educate and do prevention regarding sexual assault and intimate partner violence in respect to our LGBTQIA community. Back to Top Guidelines for University Employees Clery Act The “Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act”, commonly referred to as the “Clery Act”, is a federal law that requires institutions of higher education in the United States to disclose campus security information including crime statistics for the campus and surrounding areas. Reporting a Crime Campus Security Authorities (CSA) required to immediately notify the UNT Police of alleged Clery crimes reported to them. These reports will be used by UNT to: Fulfill its responsibility to annually disclose Clery crime statistics To issue timely warnings for Clery crimes that pose a threat to the campus community. The following information should be obtained from anyone reporting a crime to a CSA. The answers to these questions can provide valuable information that will assist in the criminal investigation, annual reporting requirements, and the insurance of a timely warning to the UNT community if appropriate: Who was involved? What occurred? Where did it occur? When did it occur? How did it occur? What is a Clery Crime? Any Clery crime listed below that is reported to a CSA must immediately be reported to the UNT Police Department. For additional crimes that need to be reported, please visit the UNT Clery website. Sex Offenses: Rape Fondling Incest Statutory rape Domestic Violence Dating Violence Stalking Clery Crimes that occur in the Clery geography below are required to be reported: On Campus: property owned or controlled by the university that is reasonably contiguous to one another and directly supports or relates to the institution’s education purpose (main campus). Examples include Administration building, General Academic Building, and Union. Public Property: thoroughfares, streets, sidewalks, and parking facilities that are within or immediately adjacent to and accessible from the campus. Examples include portions of Highland St., North Texas Blvd., and Welch St. that run through or adjacent to the main campus. Non-campus: any building or property owned or controlled by the institution or an officially recognized student organization that is frequently used by students and is not within the same reasonably contiguous geographic area of the institution. Examples include the Discovery Park, Library Annex, and UNT on the square. Please click here to report a Clery crime. For any questions, please contact Lieutenant West Gilbreath at 940-565-7086. Back to Top Statistics for Sexual Assault and Intimate Partner Violence The Prevalence of Sexual Assault in College It is estimated that the percentage of completed or attempted rape victimization among women in higher educational institutions may be between 20% and 25% over the course of a college career. Among college women, 9 in 10 victims of rape and sexual assault knew their offender. Almost 12.8% of completed rapes, 35% of attempted rapes, and 22.9% of threatened rapes happened during a date. Off-campus sexual victimization is much more common among college women than on-campus victimization. Of victims of completed rape 33.7% were victimized on campus and 66.3% off campus. Less than 5% of completed or attempted rapes against college women were reported to law enforcement. However, in 2/3rds of the incidents the victim did tell another person, usually a friend, not family or school officials. Intimate Partner Violence More than 1 in 3 women (35.6%) and more than 1 in 4 men (28.5%) in the United States have experienced rape, physical violence and/or stalking by an intimate partner in their lifetime. 1 in 4 women (24.3%) and 1 in 7 men (13.8%) aged 18 and older in the United States have been the victim of severe physical violence by an intimate partner in their lifetime. Nearly half of all women and men in the United States have experienced psychological aggression by an intimate partner in their lifetime (48.4% and 48.8%, respectively). Back to Top References Denton County Friends of the Family http://www.unh.edu/sharpp/sexual-assault http://www.nsvrc.org/saam/campus-resource-list http://www.bestcolleges.com/resources/preventing-sexual-assault/ http://www.breakthecycle.org/learn-about-dating-violence http://www.helpguide.org/articles/abuse/domestic-violence-and-abuse.htm http://www.cdc.gov/violenceprevention/intimatepartnerviolence/teen_datin... http://www.thehotline.org/resources/statistics/ http://www.loveisrespect.org/resources/dating-violence-statistics/ Back to Top Campaign, Education, and Training Brochures UNT Domestic Violence, Dating Violence and Stalking Brochure Sexual Violence Denton County Friends of the Family Information #UNTSpeaksOut is a university-wide stand for awareness, education, and prevention of sexual assault, made by the students for the students. Education Haven The University of North Texas promotes student health and safety through the use of Haven, a mandatory program for all new incoming freshmen, transfer, and graduate students. Haven educates students about the elements of healthy relationships, being a good communicator, understanding and reporting sexual assault, the importance of sexual consent, and the role of bystanders in creating safe, healthy communities. Haven Instructions Letter Training http://www.unt.edu/police/safety_programs.html Denton County Friends of the Family Programs Social Media Facebook Twitter Posters                     For information on how to get involved in UNT’s Efforts to Prevent and Educate Against Sexual Assault and Intimate Partner violence email SurvivorAdvocate@unt.edu   Sexual Misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Visit Us University Union 1155 Union Circle, Suite 409 Denton, Texas 76203 Mail Us Division of Student Affairs 1155 Union Circle #305008 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2648 deanofstudents@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 