s deanofstudents   conduct alcohol and other drugs Alcohol and Other Drugs Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct alcohol and other drugs Alcohol and Other Drugs Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct alcohol and other drugs Alcohol and Other Drugs Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct alcohol and other drugs Alcohol and Other Drugs Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct alcohol and other drugs Alcohol and Other Drugs Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct alcohol and other drugs Alcohol and Other Drugs Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct alcohol and other drugs Alcohol and Other Drugs Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct alcohol and other drugs Alcohol and Other Drugs Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct alcohol and other drugs Alcohol and Other Drugs Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct alcohol and other drugs Alcohol and Other Drugs Dean of Students  Alcohol and Other Drugs | Dean of Students Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About Us » About Us Staff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies Resources » Resources CARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual Misconduct » Sexual Misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Safety » Safety Missing Resident Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Drug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Fallen Eagles Conduct » Conduct Alcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQ » FAQ Students Parents DSA Home Search form Search Dean of Students MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Division of Student Affairs Dean of Students Main menu Home About UsStaff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies ResourcesCARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual Misconduct SafetyDrug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Missing Resident Fallen Eagles ConductAlcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQStudents Parents DSA Home Alcohol and Other Drugs UNT regulates the use of alcohol and other drugs by its students. The risks and consequences of alcohol and drug misuse for college students is well-documented. Research has linked alcohol and other drugs to increased risk of death, injury, assault, sexual assault, academic problems, health problems, vandalism and property damage (visit http://collegedrinkingprevention.gov/StatsSummaries/snapshot.aspx for more information). Students are not permitted to: Possess or consume alcohol while under the age of 21, be intoxicated due to alcohol while under the age of 21, or engage in other conduct violating the university policy on the use of alcoholic beverages. Produce or distribute alcohol except as expressly permitted by law and university policy. Drive while under the influence of alcohol or any other drug. Possess or use a controlled substance, marijuana, or a prescription drug in a manner prohibited. Grow, produce or distribute a controlled substance, marijuana, or a prescription drug, except as expressly permitted by law and university policy. Engaging in misconduct can result in a referral to the Dean of Students Office. If found responsible for misconduct, students are subject to sanction. Sanctions can include probation and educational referrals designed to assist students. Serious or repeated misconduct can result in removal from the residence halls, suspension, and expulsion from UNT. Students seeking assistance with concerns about alcohol or other drugs are encouraged to talk with an RA, hall director, or other employee. The Substance Abuse Resource Center (SARC) provides evidence-based individual, group, and environmental-level education regarding alcohol and other drug use. Counseling and Testing can provide confidential counseling, assistance and support to students with alcohol and other drug concerns. The Student Health and Wellness Center provides confidential medical and psychiatric services. For more information on UNT’s programs, services, and policies relating to alcohol and other drugs, please review UNT’s Drug Free Schools and Communities Act Biennial Report.   Conduct Alcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Visit Us University Union 1155 Union Circle, Suite 409 Denton, Texas 76203 Mail Us Division of Student Affairs 1155 Union Circle #305008 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2648 deanofstudents@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 