s deanofstudents   conduct respondent advisors and peer advocates Respondent Advisors Peer Advocates Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct respondent advisors and peer advocates Respondent Advisors Peer Advocates Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct respondent advisors and peer advocates Respondent Advisors Peer Advocates Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct respondent advisors and peer advocates Respondent Advisors Peer Advocates Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct respondent advisors and peer advocates Respondent Advisors Peer Advocates Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct respondent advisors and peer advocates Respondent Advisors Peer Advocates Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct respondent advisors and peer advocates Respondent Advisors Peer Advocates Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct respondent advisors and peer advocates Respondent Advisors Peer Advocates Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct respondent advisors and peer advocates Respondent Advisors Peer Advocates Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct respondent advisors and peer advocates Respondent Advisors Peer Advocates Dean of Students  Respondent Advisors & Peer Advocates | Dean of Students Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About Us » About Us Staff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies Resources » Resources CARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual Misconduct » Sexual Misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Safety » Safety Missing Resident Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Drug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Fallen Eagles Conduct » Conduct Alcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQ » FAQ Students Parents DSA Home Search form Search Dean of Students MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Division of Student Affairs Dean of Students Main menu Home About UsStaff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies ResourcesCARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual Misconduct SafetyDrug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Missing Resident Fallen Eagles ConductAlcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQStudents Parents DSA Home Respondent Advisors & Peer Advocates Being accused of misconduct can be stressful. It may be the first time some students encountered a formalized disciplinary process. Having a good support person can lessen anxiety and help students better prepare to represent themselves in the conduct process. UNT allows and encourages students to get assistance and support in the conduct process. The Code of Student Conduct calls a support person who attends conduct meetings with a student an advisor. Advisors can help a student prepare ahead of a meeting. They can be present at a meeting to provide support and encouragement. They can help a student talk about what happened after a meeting is over and clarify questions and next steps. Respondent Advisors Anyone can be an advisor: A trusted friend, a parent, an instructor, a student group advisor, or an attorney (at a student’s own expense). UNT faculty and staff can volunteer to serve as a respondent advisors. Respondent advisors receive training from DOS and the Title IX Coordinator, and are prepared to assist respondents who are accused of sexual assault, sexual misconduct, relationship violence, and stalking. Respondent advisors are trained on the conduct process for investigating and adjudicating these allegations, and also know about resources at UNT such as counseling for students who are anxious or distressed. Advisors Contact the Dean of Students Office (940.565.2648, conduct.dos@unt.edu) to receive a current list of trained respondent advisors. Peer Advocates Daisah Riley, Nathan Cooper The UNT Peer Advocates are students and part-time employees of the Dean of Students Office. They provide free, private consultations to students to help them prepare for conduct meetings and can answer questions about the conduct process. Peer Advocates can help students with prepare for a DOS conference or committee review, answer questions about sanctions imposed through the conduct process, explain options to request a review of a conduct decision, and make referrals to UNT resources. Peer Advocates also provide outreach and programming to students and student groups. Call the Dean of Students Office (940.565.2648) to schedule an appointment to speak with a Peer Advocate.   Conduct Alcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Visit Us University Union 1155 Union Circle, Suite 409 Denton, Texas 76203 Mail Us Division of Student Affairs 1155 Union Circle #305008 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2648 deanofstudents@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 