s deanofstudents   conduct forms and faqs Forms and FAQs Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct forms and faqs Forms and FAQs Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct forms and faqs Forms and FAQs Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct forms and faqs Forms and FAQs Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct forms and faqs Forms and FAQs Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct forms and faqs Forms and FAQs Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct forms and faqs Forms and FAQs Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct forms and faqs Forms and FAQs Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct forms and faqs Forms and FAQs Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   conduct forms and faqs Forms and FAQs Dean of Students  Forms and FAQs | Dean of Students Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About Us » About Us Staff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies Resources » Resources CARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual Misconduct » Sexual Misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Safety » Safety Missing Resident Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Drug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Fallen Eagles Conduct » Conduct Alcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQ » FAQ Students Parents DSA Home Search form Search Dean of Students MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Division of Student Affairs Dean of Students Main menu Home About UsStaff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies ResourcesCARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual Misconduct SafetyDrug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Missing Resident Fallen Eagles ConductAlcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQStudents Parents DSA Home Forms and FAQs Forms All forms require Adobe Acrobat Reader. Authorization to Release Education Records Conduct Records Request Form Student Statement Form Request for Review by the Committee on Student Conduct (Respondent | Complainant) Request for Review by the Vice President for Equity & Diversity (for sexual misconduct cases) Request for Review by the Vice President for Student Affairs Frequently Asked Questions I was written up by an RA. What happens now? RA reports are reviewed by the Dean of Students Office. If the report alleges you engaged in misconduct, DOS will send a notice of complaint to your UNT email address. The notice will explain what misconduct is alleged and who you should contact to schedule a meeting to discuss the allegation. The police gave me a student referral. What should I do? The police will send a copy of the student referral to the Dean of Students Office. DOS will review the police report and contact you. Check your UNT email address for a notice or meeting request or meeting request from DOS. It can take a few days for DOS to review the police report, especially for referrals given to students over the weekend.  I got cited or arrested by the police and I got a notice of complaint. Isn’t that double jeopardy? No. Students are accountable to criminal and civil authorities for misconduct which violates the law. The same misconduct may also violate UNT’s Code of Student Conduct. UNT’s conduct process is separate from any criminal or civil legal action.  What will happen at a meeting? What can I do to prepare? You’ll meet with a DOS representative who will want to talk with you about what happened. You’ll be asked for your perspective and if there is any information that DOS should look at or anyone DOS should talk to in order to make a well-informed decision about what happened. The DOS representative wants to hear your perspective and have all of the relevant information to make a good decision about what happened and how the situation should be addressed. Students can talk with a peer advocate to help prepare for a DOS conduct meeting.  I disagree with the decision made in my case. What can I do? Depending on the type of case and the type of outcome, you may have the option to request reconsideration or a review. Reconsideration is the opportunity to give the DOS representative who made the original decision new information, not previously available, that may change the finding or the sanction. Review is the opportunity to have a neutral, 3rd party review DOS’s decision. When the DOS representative explains their decision they should also explain your option to request reconsideration or a review. Be sure to pay attention to the deadline. If you have questions about your options to request reconsideration or review you can talk with a peer advocate or call the Dean of Students Office (940.565.2648). Will this go on my record? DOS keeps student conduct records. These records are separate from a student’s transcript and other types of records UNT keeps about students. Student conduct records are typically kept for seven years, then they are destroyed. If a student is placed on Level III Conduct Probation, suspended, or expelled then the record is permanently kept. Inside of UNT, student conduct records are only shared with employees who need to know information from the record in order to do their job. For example, residence hall staff would need to know if a student has been removed from a residence hall. Outside of UNT, information from a student conduct record is generally only shared with the student’s written, signed consent. There are some exceptions to this, which are explained in UNT’s FERPA Policy.  How can I file a complaint against a student? If you think a student has engaged in misconduct please contact the Dean of Students Office (940.565.2648 or conduct.dos@unt.edu) to make a report. If you believe a student has committed a crime you can also make a report to the UNT Police Department (940.565.3000) or the appropriate law enforcement agency. If you believe a student has engaged in discrimination, harassment, sexual assault, sexual misconduct, relationship violence, or stalking you can also make a report to the Office of Equal Opportunity (940.565.2759, oeo@unt.edu).  I have a question that isn’t answered here. How can I get it answered? Contact the Dean of Students Office (phone: 940.565.2648, email: conduct.dos@unt.edu, location: University Union 409). We look forward to speaking with you!   Conduct Alcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Visit Us University Union 1155 Union Circle, Suite 409 Denton, Texas 76203 Mail Us Division of Student Affairs 1155 Union Circle #305008 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2648 deanofstudents@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 