s deanofstudents   faq students faq Students FAQ Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   faq students faq Students FAQ Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   faq students faq Students FAQ Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   faq students faq Students FAQ Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   faq students faq Students FAQ Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   faq students faq Students FAQ Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   faq students faq Students FAQ Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   faq students faq Students FAQ Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   faq students faq Students FAQ Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   faq students faq Students FAQ Dean of Students  Students FAQ | Dean of Students Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About Us » About Us Staff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies Resources » Resources CARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual Misconduct » Sexual Misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Safety » Safety Missing Resident Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Drug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Fallen Eagles Conduct » Conduct Alcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQ » FAQ Students Parents DSA Home Search form Search Dean of Students MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Division of Student Affairs Dean of Students Main menu Home About UsStaff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies ResourcesCARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual Misconduct SafetyDrug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Missing Resident Fallen Eagles ConductAlcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQStudents Parents DSA Home Students FAQ I had to miss class because of a religious Holy Day. Is this an excusable absence? I was sick and I missed class. My professor wants a note from the Dean of Students Office. I had to miss class because there was a death in the family and my professor has asked me to contact the Dean of Students Office for an absence verification note. What do I need to do? I have a family emergency and had to go home and miss class. Who should I contact for an excuse? How will I know about weather related school closings? My problem seems very complex and confusing and involves so many different offices on campus. I have no idea where to start the process. What should I do? Where can I go to lodge a complaint or share a concern I have about an issue at the university? How do I withdraw for medical or mental health issues? I have been referred to the Dean of Students Office for conduct. What will happen? I have been accused of cheating on a paper by one of my professors. What will happen? I am feeling homesick, depressed, anxious, nervous and upset. Where can I go? I am having a problem with my roommate. Who can I talk to? Back to Top I had to miss class because of a religious Holy Day, Is this an excusable absence? It is up to the individual student to discuss with their professors prior to the religious Holy Day about missing class for that purpose. At the beginning of each semester I would discuss with your professors the religious Holy Day that may interfere with your class attendance and make arrangements accordingly. Back to Top I was sick and I missed class. My professor wants a note from the Dean of Students Office. Students are expected to attend classes regularly and to abide by the attendance policy established by the professor. However, the university is aware that there will be times when a student is unable to attend class due to emergency situations, health or the death of a loved one. The Dean of Students Office is also available to assist you with documenting your absence. Students must provide the Dean of Students with official and verifiable documentation related to the reason for absence. Once the absences have been verified the decision to allow a student to make up course work is left to the discretion of the professor and or the department. Back to Top I had to miss class because there was a death in the family and my professor has asked me to contact the Dean of Students Office for an absence verification note. What do I need to do? You will need to come to the Dean of Students Office in the University Union, Suite 409 with documentation. We accept the obituary from the newspaper (with student’s name listed as a relative), a letter from the funeral home on their letter head, or a program from the funeral service which would list the student’s name as a relative. After you bring this documentation to our office and talk with one of our staff members we can proceed with sending notification to your professors that verifies this absence. Back to Top I have a family emergency and had to go home and miss class. Who should I contact for an excuse? Please stop by the Dean of Students Office in the University Union, Suite 409 for assistance. Back to Top How will I know about weather related school closings? The best way to receive this information as soon as the decision to close the university is made is by being registered with your most updated information (phone numbers and emails) in the UNT Eagle Alert system. You can register your information at my.unt.edu. Back to Top My problem seems very complex and confusing and involves so many different offices on campus. I have no idea where to start the process. What should I do? The Dean of Students Office is here to help! We can help you navigate through the proper procedures. Please stop by our office or send an email to deanofstudents@unt.edu. Back to Top Where can I go to lodge a complaint or share a concern I have about an issue at the University? There are a few places you can go… First, if it is an issue concerning another student’s behavior with you, please stop by the Dean of Students Office in the University Union, Suite 409. The Dean of Students Office upholds the Code of Student Conduct and is responsible for holding students accountable for their behavior. Second, if it is an academic related issue (faculty member, grading, etc) please go to the Department Chairperson of that academic department. Each academic unit has policies and procedures in regards to grievances. Third, if you feel as if you are being discriminated against please stop by the Equal Opportunity office in the Hurley Administration Building 210. If you don’t know who to go to in regards to your complaint, please contact the Dean of Students Office at deanofstudents@unt.edu and we will help you with the issue or point you in the right direction. Back to Top How do I withdraw for medical or mental health issues? If a student must withdraw due to medical reasons, prior to the withdrawal deadline as indicated in the academic calendar, a student may do so through the regular withdrawal process. If a student is incapacitated or unable to make the request on his/her own, please contact the Dean of Students Office for assistance at 940-565-2648. For details regarding the withdrawal process, go to http://deanofstudents.unt.edu/withdrawals. Back to Top I have been referred to the Dean of Students Office for conduct. What will happen? You will receive a notice of complaint to the mailing address listed in the UNT system (or residence hall) instructing you to make an appointment with a Dean of Students Representative. It is important that you follow-up with this request, make an appointment and keep it. Ignoring the situation will not make it go away. In fact, ignoring the request is a violation of the Code of Student Conduct and could result in a misconduct penalty or sanction (including block on registration and/or suspension). Back to Top I have been accused of cheating on a paper by one of my professors. What will happen? Issues of academic integrity (cheating, plagiarism, etc) are handled through the office of Academic Integrity under the Provost Office. Please contact the office of Academic Integrity (academic.integrity@unt.edu) and/or visit the Academic Integrity website for more information. Back to Top I am feeling homesick, depressed, anxious, nervous and upset. Where can I go? UNT has their very own Counseling and Testing Services which provides free counseling for students. You can call to make an appointment at 940-565-2741 or visit their website at http://www.unt.edu/cat. You can also stop by the Dean of Students Office and we can help get you connected to the right resources for you! Back to Top I am having a problem with my roommate. Who can I talk to? We highly recommend getting your Resident Assistant (RA) and/ or Hall Director involved in your roommate issues. They are trained to assist you in all types of issues concerning Housing. Stop by your residence hall’s front desk and ask for assistance!   FAQ Students Parents Visit Us University Union 1155 Union Circle, Suite 409 Denton, Texas 76203 Mail Us Division of Student Affairs 1155 Union Circle #305008 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2648 deanofstudents@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 