s deanofstudents   faq parents faq Parents FAQ Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   faq parents faq Parents FAQ Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   faq parents faq Parents FAQ Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   faq parents faq Parents FAQ Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   faq parents faq Parents FAQ Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   faq parents faq Parents FAQ Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   faq parents faq Parents FAQ Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   faq parents faq Parents FAQ Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   faq parents faq Parents FAQ Dean of Studentss deanofstudents   faq parents faq Parents FAQ Dean of Students  Parents FAQ | Dean of Students Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About Us » About Us Staff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies Resources » Resources CARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual Misconduct » Sexual Misconduct Reporting Sexual Misconduct Safety » Safety Missing Resident Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Drug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Fallen Eagles Conduct » Conduct Alcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQ » FAQ Students Parents DSA Home Search form Search Dean of Students MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Division of Student Affairs Dean of Students Main menu Home About UsStaff Letter from the Dean Contact Withdrawals Policies ResourcesCARE Team Seeking Options and Solutions Temporary Illness Food Pantry Sexual Misconduct SafetyDrug Free Schools and Communities Act (DFSCA) Jeanne Clery Act / Crime Reporting Missing Resident Fallen Eagles ConductAlcohol and Other Drugs Hazing Sexual Misconduct/Relationship Violence/Stalking Respondent Advisors/Peer Advocates Academic Integrity Forms and FAQs Responding to Disruptive Student Behavior Brochure Student Complaints FAQStudents Parents DSA Home Parents FAQ Who can I talk to if I have a concern about my student? Where can I find information about crime on campus? I think my student is missing. I have not heard from him/ her in three days. Who can I contact for help? My student received a letter stating they are facing university disciplinary action. How can I find out what is happening? To whom should I report a death of a currently enrolled or past UNT student? Back to Top Who can I talk to if I have a concern about my student? The Dean of Students Office 940-565-2648 is able to provide general information, connect with your student and see how we can help. If we are not the appropriate office to help you we will point you in the right direction.   Back to Top Where can I find information about crime on campus? The personal safety and security of every member of the university community is of paramount concern to all at the University of North Texas. In keeping with this concern, each year the university publishes a report informing the campus about programs and services to enhance campus security, crime statistics and student disciplinary referrals for certain crime-related conduct. You can visit this report at  https://deanofstudents.unt.edu/safety/clery   Back to Top I think my student is missing. I have not heard from him/ her in three days. Who can I contact for help? You can contact the Dean of Students Office for assistance at 940-565-2648 or the UNT Police Department at 940-565-3000. The Dean of Students will look in to every avenue to help you find your student (check class schedule, residence halls, etc).   Back to Top My student received a letter stating they are facing university disciplinary action. How can I find out what is happening? A good place to start is by having a conversation with your student. The Dean of Students's policy is to communicate directly with students on all disciplinary matters. There may be times such out of concern for a student’s whereabouts or if we believe a student may be in crisis we may contact the parents directly. You can find out more information in regards to the disciplinary process at https://deanofstudents.unt.edu/conduct. Back to Top To whom should I report a death of a currently enrolled or past UNT student? If a death of a student occurs, the Dean of Students Office needs to be contacted immediately for the necessary departments to be notified. The office number is 940-565-2648 or by emailing us at  deanofstudents@unt.edu. The Dean of Students provides assistance to the student’s family, roommates, and friends.     FAQ Students Parents Visit Us University Union 1155 Union Circle, Suite 409 Denton, Texas 76203 Mail Us Division of Student Affairs 1155 Union Circle #305008 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2648 deanofstudents@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 