  library   services Services  Libraries  library   services Services  Libraries  library   services Services  Libraries  library   services Services  Libraries  library   services Services  Libraries  library   services Services  Libraries  library   services Services  Libraries  library   services Services  Libraries  library   services Services  Libraries  library   services Services  Libraries  Services | University of North Texas Libraries Skip to main content Services for Persons with Disabilities Information for... Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors Persons with Disabilities UNT Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Other Library Sites UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History Finding Aids Exhibits Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website University Libraries UNT Libraries Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website MENU Home Research Services About Help News & Events Find Ask Us Accounts Login Start Your Research Search it All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections UNT Special Collections Subject & Course Guides This Website Not Sure Where to Start? Enter your search terms and we'll grab results from multiple systems for you at once. Search Search Many Sources for Articles: Search Peer-Reviewed Only Full-text Available Online. Advanced Search Other Ways to Find Articles: Journal Title | In a Database | e-Journals | Google Scholar Search the Catalog Search Keyword Title Journal Title Author Subject LC Call No. Dewey Call No. Other Call No. All Collections Media Library Music Library Discovery Park Library Electronic Resources Government Documents Special Collections The Factory (Makerspace) UNT Dallas Law Library More Catalog Options: Advanced Search | Music | Media | E-Books Search for a Database Search or... Go Directly to: or... Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z or... Browse Subjects: Browse by Subject Accounting Agriculture and Veterinary Science American Indian and International Indigenous Studies Anthropology Archeology Architecture Art and Artists Art History Art Iconography and Symbolism Astronomy Autism Behavior Analysis Biography Biology Business Chemical Engineering Chemistry Communication Studies Company and Industry Research Computer Science and Engineering Construction Engineering Technology Creative Writing Criminal Justice Current Events Dance Data and Statistics Dictionaries, Directories and Encyclopedias Economics Education Educational Counseling Electrical Engineering Emergency Administration and Planning Engineering Engineering Technology English Language and Literature Environmental Sciences Ethnic studies Fashion Design Finance Forensic Science Genealogy General and Interdisciplinary Geography (Human) Geography (Physical) Geology Gerontology Government Grants History Hospitality and Tourism Management Human Resources Management Humanities Information Technology and Decision Sciences International Studies Interior Design Jewish Studies Journalism Kinesiology Latin American Studies Law and Legislation Learning Technologies LGBT Library and Information Sciences Linguistics Marketing and Advertising Materials Science and Engineering Mathematics and Statistical Methods Mechanical and Energy Engineering Medicine and Health Merchandising and Digital Retailing Military Studies Music Newspapers Philosophy Photography Physics Political science Psychology Public Administration Radio, Television and Film Recreation and Leisure Studies Reference Rehabilitation Studies Religion Sciences Social Sciences Social Work Sociology Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology Studio Art Technical Writing Theater Transportation and Aviation Logistics Women Studies/Gender World Languages, Literatures, & Cultures Browse Frequently Used: Academic Search Complete | EBSCOhost | JSTOR | Lexis Nexis Academic | ScienceDirect | Web of Knowledge Search for an e-Journal Search Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Numbers & Dates | Non-Roman Characters Browse Subjects: Art, Architecture & Applied Arts Business & Economics Earth & Environmental Sciences Engineering & Applied Sciences General Health & Biological Sciences History & Archaeology Journalism & Communications Languages & Literatures Law, Politics & Government Music, Dance, Drama & Film Philosophy & Religion Physical Sciences & Mathematics Social Sciences Browse Other Ways to Find Articles: Databases | Find Online Articles | Google Scholar Search the UNT Digital Collections Search Jump To: UNT Digital Library | The Portal to Texas History | UNT Scholarly Works Search the UNT Special Collections Search Jump To: Browse Finding Aids | Exhibits | Special Collections Search Subject & Course Guides Search Browse Subjects Browse Courses Search this Website Find information about the libraries, its services, policies, past news, events, exhibits, etc. SearchSearch Most Requested About Borrowing Citations & Styles Course Reserves Dept. Directory Faculty Services FAQs Interlibrary Loan Jobs Locations & Hours Media & Music Online Holds RefWorks | Legacy Renewing Study Rooms Subjects & Courses 24 Commons Account Login, ILL, & Renewals Borrowing & Returning Doing Research Getting Help Locations & Hours Paying Fines People & Departments Media & Music Search Course Reserves Services & Policies Reserve a Study Room (Students) Ask Us Your Questions 940.565.3245 Toggle Dropdown 940.565.3245 : Reference Help 940.565.2413 : Willis 940.369.7200 : Discovery Park 940.565.2194 : Eagle Commons 940.565.2480 : Media 940.565.2606 : Collection Management 940.565.3025 : Administrative Offices Dept. Directory Email Subject Librarians Problems Computers & Technology Facilities Website Other Find a Subject Librarian Study & Create Computers Printing Spaces Home Services Services Get to the details you need about lending, technology, study space options, working with reserves, and the dozens of other services we provide you. Borrowing and Delivery Check Out Materials This is a starting point for info on lending privileges, locations, borrowing reserve items, and borrowing items from other libraries. See: Check Out Materials Overview Faculty Borrowing Privileges Holds & Recalls Laptops for Checkout Paying Fines Renewals Returning Items Search Service for Missing/Lost Items Details: ​Circulation Policies & Procedures Online Holds (formerly Material Delivery Service) We can deliver many regular circulating items to various UNT campus locations for you.  Find out who qualifies, delivery locations & timing, how to make requests, and limitations as some restrictions apply. Note: Starting in the Fall 2014 we are merging many of our delivery options into a single service. Until we've updated all of our documentation, see: Material Delivery Overview - Now Online Holds! Distance Learning Requests Faculty Delivery Service Interlibrary Loan Borrowing and Document Delivery Services Lending to Other Libraries Media Booking & Courier Service Course Reserves Required or recommended readings, music, media and other items for courses can be found at either a reserve desk or online. This page provides links to policies, online systems, and can help you find the right desk. See: Course Reserves Overview Placing Items on Reserves Reserves Policies ​Need something for your class?  Search Course Reserves. Courtesy Cards Not associated with UNT or currently unenrolled? Want to borrow materials from us?  You might need a courtesy card. See Also: Courtesy Cards TexShare Cards OCLC Cards Details: ID Card Policy Technology and Computing Technology & Computing Overview The libraries provide a number of different technology & computing related resources.  This page describes general information about them and other related topics. See: Technology & Computing Overview Community Workstations Computer Labs The Factory Interactive Whiteboards On & Off Campus Access Services for Persons with Disabilities 24 Commons Printing, Scanning, Photocopies There are printers, scanners, and copiers located throughout the Libraries. This page gives you information about their locations, and other basic information. See: Printing, Scanning, Photocopies Course Reserves The Factory Copyright Advisory Services Details: Printing & Photocopy Policies Laptops for Checkout The UNT Libraries have laptops available for checkout to students, faculty, and staff.  Special circulation rules, fines rates, and other guidelines apply. See: Laptops for Checkout ​Details: Policy for Borrowing Reserves & Laptops The Factory The UNT Libraries' makerspace, The Factory, promotes the cooperative and creative use of technology. We provide the UNT community with access to equipment, software, and training that promotes innovative, cross-disciplinary learning. Overview (hours, location, staff, workshops) Audio/Visual Equipment Electronics, Programming, & Prototyping Printing, Cutting, & Replication Textiles Tools Film & Gaming Equipment The Media Library doesn't just check out films and games. We also have a wide range of audio-visual equipment, gaming consoles, and peripherals available for checkout. See Also: Media Transfer Service Study Spaces Study Spaces Overview The libraries provide a diverse range of study spaces.  This page details what you will find in them, highlights technology and workspace configurations, as well as notes the general noise level of each. See: New: Filterable Study Spaces Listing Collaboration and Learning Commons Graduate Reserve Service Library Annex Reading Room Services for Persons with Disabilities Reserving a Group Study Room Group study room are available in multiple library locations. Find out where the rooms are located, hours of availability, how to get keys, and get up to speed on use policies. See: Reserving a Group Study Room Overview Student Reservation Form Faculty/Staff Reservation Form Details: Library Use Policy Tours Individuals are welcome to request a personal tour of the Libraries during regular operating hours at any of the Libraries' Service Desks. Scholarly and Professional Copyright Advisory Services The Copyright Services Librarian can assist faculty, students, staff and community members understand the issues related to copyright, modifying author agreements to maintain copyright, licensing, and other intellectual property issues. Our services include individual consultations, small-group workshops, and presentations on a variety of subjects. Digital Scholarship The Digital Scholarship Workgroup, among many other resources in the UNT Libraries, provides members of the UNT community with tools, training, and research support for their digital endeavors. See Also: Data Repository Services Digital Scholarship Research Data Management UNT Scholarly Works Scholarly Open Access E-journal Support The Scholarly Open Access E-journal Support service will provide hosting and consultation support to the UNT departments and faculty who are interested in producing their own online open access scholarly journal.  UNT Libraries Scholarly Publishing Services The UNT Libraries Scholarly Publishing Services offer: Consultations on scholarly publishing projects and on navigating the changing world of academic publishing Resources for authors and editors Aquiline Books: publishing works of scholarship from the UNT community Scholarly Communication Outreach The Scholarly Communication Office offers workshops, class visits, sponsored events, and online resources related to scholarly writing, academic publishing, copyright & author rights, managing research data, open access & open education resources, and other topics related to the scholarly communication system. Contact us to set up a consultation or visit. Research and Instruction Library Instruction  The skills and concepts taught in these classes provide students with a better comprehension of library research and improve their skills using the Libraries. Funding Information Network The Eagle Commons Library is a Funding Information Network (FIN) partner of the Foundation Center, the premier source for information on the nonprofit sector. The ECL provides access to nonprofit-related resources, including the three Foundation Center databases. Geographic Information Systems Support and assistance related to Geospatial Information Systems (GIS) is available for individual or group assistance for the following tasks: locating and acquiring data, basic GIS software troubleshooting, identifying resources to facilitate learning and basic GIS instruction. Special Collections: Research We house a growing collection of unique primary source research materials in the Special Collections. Learn about visiting, locating materials, handling items, and our Research Fellowship Program. See Also: Government Documents Reference Services Media Reference Services Special Collections: Research Special Collections: Classroom and Group Visits Other Services Services for Persons with Disabilities This page describes services and other information applicable to users with disabilities. It notes contacts, policies and procedures, as well as short descriptions of adaptive equipment. Binding & Repair Our Preservation Unit can bind materials for other UNT departments if they are for university use. Personal items cannot be sent to our commercial binder, however, as time and workflow allow, we offer an in-house binding and repair service to the community. Texas Digital Newspaper Program The Texas Digital Newspaper Program (TDNP) partners with Texas communities, publishers, and institutions to promote standards-based digitization of newspapers and to make newspapers freely accessible via The Portal to Texas History.  Services by Category All Borrowing and Delivery Technology and Computing Study Spaces Scholarly and Professional Research and Instruction Other Services Filter by Audience Community Members and Visitors Faculty & Staff Graduate Students Persons with Disabilities Locations & Hours Select Location Willis Library Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media Library Annex Mail University Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 Partnerships The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library. The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center. Contact 940.565.2411 Research Questions Staff Directory Computer & Technology Problems Facilities Problems Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home 