 catalog   help  Online Help  Acalog ACMS  catalog   help  Online Help  Acalog ACMS  catalog   help  Online Help  Acalog ACMS  catalog   help  Online Help  Acalog ACMS  catalog   help  Online Help  Acalog ACMS  catalog   help  Online Help  Acalog ACMS  catalog   help  Online Help  Acalog ACMS  catalog   help  Online Help  Acalog ACMS  catalog   help  Online Help  Acalog ACMS  catalog   help  Online Help  Acalog ACMS   Online Help - University of North Texas - Acalog ACMS™ Javascript is currently not supported, or is disabled by this browser. Please enable Javascript for full functionality.     Acalog ACMS™ Online Help Close Window      This document contains help on the following topics: Selecting a Different Catalog Searching the Catalog Search Options Browsing the Catalog Printing Pages of the Catalog Using the My Catalog Feature Create a My Catalog Account Login and Logout of My Catalog Feature Edit Your My Catalog Profile For additional help, please contact Support.    1. Selecting a Different Catalog BACK TO TOP There may be more than one catalog available from the University of North Texas system e-catalog Gateway at a time. If there is more than one, you will see a dropdown box toward the top of the page with the name of the current catalog. Clicking the dropdown box provides access to other available catalogs. Selecting an alternate catalog will load it into the Gateway. If you do not see the dropdown box, then only a single catalog is currently published. You may add information from any of the available catalogs to your own personal My Catalog. See below to learn more about Using the My Catalog Feature.    2. Searching the Catalog BACK TO TOP The Catalog Search (shown at the top of the navigation) allows quick retrieval of catalog content that matches your interests. To use the Catalog Search, simply enter a search keyword or phrase and press ENTER. The search will find any matching content in the catalog including courses, programs, school/colleges, departments or other narrative content.  2.1. Search Options BACK TO TOP Search options are available by clicking on the Advanced Search link below the regular search form or by clicking the Modify Search Options link after performing a search. The search options offer more precise searching of the catalog content. To limit your search to only specific types of catalog content, check only the checkboxes for content categories you wish to include in your search. Check the "Whole Word/Phrase" check box to search for an exact match for a keyword or phrase. For instance, entering "bio" will only return hits in which the term "bio" stands alone; it will not return any instances of the term "biology". The same is true if you enter a phrase. Click "Show Prefix List" to display a list of all course prefixes available in the catalog. You may enter a keyword phrase that includes a course prefix and code (like "ENG 101") to better locate a specific course. The closest available matches will be returned first. Click the Search button to perform the search.    3. Browsing the Catalog BACK TO TOP Overview You may easily browse through the catalogs by using the different navigation links on the left side of the page. Each catalog may have its own distinct set of navigation links. Some links may display pages about the catalog or other related information. Other links may display listings of courses or programs within the catalog. These navigation links may display other information that is broken down by various methods such as by school/colleges, by departments, or by program, or course types. Some pages may show "Go to Information..." links following a school/college or department which, when clicked, will display more information about that school/college or department. Course and program titles are almost always shown as links. Clicking on a course title will display course information below the course title about the course and a link to Add to My Catalog (course information may be shown in a pop up window if you have an older browser). Clicking on a program title will display all the related information for the program as well as the Add program to My Catalog link. Clicking on the Add to My Catalog link will add information to your My Catalog for later retrieval. See below to learn more about Using the My Catalog Feature. FlashPoint™ Links Some school/colleges, departments, programs, and courses may have FlashPoint Links associated with them that may be a text link or a click-able graphic. These FlashPoint Links are links to an additional digital resource. The digital resource may be another web page, a text document, audio, video, or many other types of media and may require a special browser plug-in. To view a FlashPoint Link, simply click on it. All FlashPoint Links will be displayed in a new pop up window.  3.1. Printing Pages of the Catalog BACK TO TOP To print a page click the print link. The "Print Friendly" version will open up with just the content of the page in it (no navigation or header). If you click the print link on a "Print Friendly" page the browser will popup with the print dialog allowing you to print that page. Problems with Gateway Print Links If your browser does not support the print link you may need to use the operating system or web browser's built in print functions instead.    4. Using the My Catalog Feature BACK TO TOP You may add items to your own personal My Catalog as you browse through the online catalogs. The My Catalog feature will retain a list of courses, programs, pages, divisions and saved searches that you have found interesting and wish to save for future visits to the online University of North Texas catalogs. To add items click the Add to My Catalog link next to the item in which you are interested.  This will open a new popup window that displays all items currently in your My Catalog. You may remove items from your My Catalog by selecting the checkboxes next to them and clicking the Remove button. Note: Items suffixed with the text [From Previous Catalog] are from older, outdated catalogs that are no longer available. You will need to search within newer catalogs to find alternative information to replace them. The My Catalog feature is based on an account system. You must sign up in order to permanently store items in the My Catalog feature. The My Catalog feature will store your favorite items using a combination of temporary and permanent storage in a database. This method requires that you register an account and login to permanently save information in the My Catalog. Items are still stored temporarily in the database until you login to your My Catalog. Once you login, any temporary information will be saved into your account for permanent storage.  4.1. Create a My Catalog Account BACK TO TOP To create a My Catalog account, simply choose My Catalog from the left hand navigation and click on the create an account link. Now enter a valid e-mail address and a password. If you wish to have an admissions advisor contact you, select the contact checkbox. An advisor will contact you via e-mail. When done, click the Create Account button to create the account. Note: it is important to use a valid e-mail address in case you ever forget your password. The account will be created and you will be logged in automatically. Any items you had already added to your My Catalog will now be stored permanently in your account.  4.2. Login and Logout of the My Catalog Feature BACK TO TOP To login to your My Catalog account, simply choose My Catalog from the left hand navigation, enter your e-mail address and password and click the Login button. If you have forgotten your password, just enter your e-mail address and click the Reset Password button. An email will be sent to the email address you used to sign up for your My Catalog account with a link that will enable you to reset your password. To logout, simply view your My Catalog and click the Logout link at top right.  4.3. Edit Your My Catalog Profile BACK TO TOP To edit your My Catalog account information, login to your My Catalog account and click on the Edit Profile link at the top right of the My Catalog feature. You may change your account login by entering a new e-mail address and clicking the Send button. To change your password, click on the Change Password link. A pop up window will prompt you for a new password. Enter a new password and confirmation and click the Reset button. When you are finished, you may close the pop up window. Print this page.       All catalogs © 2017 University of North Texas. Powered by the Acalog™ Academic Catalog Management System™ (ACMS™). Mobile Site. 