 registrar   transcripts and records update your personal information Update Your Personal Information Registrar registrar   transcripts and records update your personal information Update Your Personal Information Registrar registrar   transcripts and records update your personal information Update Your Personal Information Registrar registrar   transcripts and records update your personal information Update Your Personal Information Registrar registrar   transcripts and records update your personal information Update Your Personal Information Registrar registrar   transcripts and records update your personal information Update Your Personal Information Registrar registrar   transcripts and records update your personal information Update Your Personal Information Registrar registrar   transcripts and records update your personal information Update Your Personal Information Registrar registrar   transcripts and records update your personal information Update Your Personal Information Registrar registrar   transcripts and records update your personal information Update Your Personal Information Registrar  Update Your Personal Information | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us   Registration Transcripts and RecordsOrder a Transcript Update Your Personal Information Withhold or Release Your Personal Information Enrollment Verification / Certification Residency Information Grades Exams Graduation and Diplomas Veterans and Military Home » Transcripts and Records » Update Your Personal InformationUpdate Your Personal Information A student can change personal information relevant to his or her permanent record in the Records area of the Registrar's Office. Identification is required for all changes, and legal documentation is required in some cases. Change Your Address It is the responsibility of the student to provide correct permanent and present mailing address information at all times and on all documents at the university. Failure to do so constitutes falsification of information, a breach of the Student Code of Conduct. Any student who changes his or her mailing address must notify the Registrar's Office immediately. You may change your address with the Registrar's Office in one of the following ways: Use MyUNT at my.unt.edu to verify your current address information and to submit a change of address. For step-by-step help with MyUNT, see My Help for Students, or Go to the Registrar's Office, Eagle Student Services Center, room 147, or Call 940-565-2111 and be prepared to validate your identity. Please remember that apartment addresses must include apartment numbers. Students living in dormitories must provide UNT box numbers. Change Your Name Primary Name UNT will use your primary (legal) name on your transcript, student ID card, and on some pages in the Student Center within MyUNT. To update any part of your primary name, you must present the Registrar’s Office with 2 forms of legal documentation substantiating the name change. Accepted legal documentation varies based on the reason for the change, but can include a government-issued photo ID card, social security card, marriage certificate or divorce decree. Change or Correct Records forms are available in the Registrar’s Office and may be submitted in the following ways: Submit appropriate documentation* in person to the Registrar’s Office, Eagle Student Services Center, room 209, or Email to registrar.records@unt.edu, along with notarized copies of two of the above accepted legal documents**, or Fax to 940-565-3878, along with notarized copies of two of the above accepted legal documents**. *The Records department must make copies of the original legal documents before submitting the official change to the University. **The notary must certify that the documents are true, exact, complete and unaltered copies of the original legal documents. Preferred Name Your preferred name will be displayed on class rosters, Blackboard, and all pages of the Student Center on MyUNT except the following locations: Main Phone Number, Eagle Alert, My Financial Aid, Advising Sheet, Holds, and the 1098-T. You may request changes to your preferred first or middle name as long as the use of this different name is not for the purpose of misrepresentation. Preferred Name Change Request forms are available in the Registrar’s Office and may be submitted in the following ways: In person to the Registrar’s Office, Eagle Student Services Center, room 209, or Email to registrar.records@unt.edu, along with a copy of a government-issued photo ID confirming you are the student to whom the records belong, or Fax to 940-565-3878, along with a copy of a government-issued photo ID confirming you are the student to whom the records belong. Note: You will not be asked for a reason when requesting a change to your preferred name. Change Your Social Security Number or Student Identification Number Most students are identified with their social security number. If a change of social security number is required, the student will have to present a government-issued photo ID and the original social security card with the correct number on it. Change or Correct Records forms are available in the Registrar's Office and may be submitted in the following ways: Present original social security card and government-issued ID card in person to the Registrar’s Office, Eagle Student Services Center, room 209, or Email registrar.records@unt.edu, along with a notarized* copy of the social security card and government-issued ID card, or Fax notarized* copies of the social security card and government-issued ID card to 940-565-3878.   *The notary must certify that the documents are true, exact, complete and unaltered copies of the original legal documents. Additional Resources For more information, contact the Registrar's Information Counter by calling 940-565-2111 or visiting Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC) Room 147. Access to your personal information is governed by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). Read more about FERPA.   Registration Info Find Classes Get Advised   Registration GuidesSpring 2017 Summer 2017 Fall 2017 Academic Catalog View All Forms Instructions for using MyUNT and EIS   Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building http://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 