 registrar   transcripts and records withhold or release your personal information Withhold or Release Your Personal Information Registrar registrar   transcripts and records withhold or release your personal information Withhold or Release Your Personal Information Registrar registrar   transcripts and records withhold or release your personal information Withhold or Release Your Personal Information Registrar registrar   transcripts and records withhold or release your personal information Withhold or Release Your Personal Information Registrar registrar   transcripts and records withhold or release your personal information Withhold or Release Your Personal Information Registrar registrar   transcripts and records withhold or release your personal information Withhold or Release Your Personal Information Registrar registrar   transcripts and records withhold or release your personal information Withhold or Release Your Personal Information Registrar registrar   transcripts and records withhold or release your personal information Withhold or Release Your Personal Information Registrar registrar   transcripts and records withhold or release your personal information Withhold or Release Your Personal Information Registrar registrar   transcripts and records withhold or release your personal information Withhold or Release Your Personal Information Registrar  Withhold or Release Your Personal Information | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us   Registration Transcripts and RecordsOrder a Transcript Update Your Personal Information Withhold or Release Your Personal Information Enrollment Verification / Certification Residency Information Grades Exams Graduation and Diplomas Veterans and Military Home » Transcripts and RecordsWithhold or Release Your Personal Information Access to your personal information is governed by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). Generally, FERPA requires written consent before personally identifiable information contained in a student's education records may be disclosed. However, the FERPA authorizes disclosure of this information without the student's consent under certain circumstances. One such exception is directory information. What is Directory Information? Directory information is " . . . information contained in an education record of a student which would not generally be considered harmful or an invasion of privacy if disclosed." (1988 Final Regulations) Directory information includes the following: address university assigned e-mail address university assigned Enterprise-wide User Identification Number (EUID) month, day, and place of birth major field of study participation in officially recognized activities and sports weight and height of members of athletic teams dates of attendance enrollment status (e.g., undergraduate or graduate; fulltime or part-time) classification degrees, awards and honors received (including selection criteria) expected graduation date dissertation and thesis titles most recent previous school attended photograph Directory information can NEVER include: social security number student identification number race ethnicity nationality gender Who Can Access Directory Information? Directory information regarding the student will be provided to the public upon request unless he or she files a request in the Registrar's Office asking to be excluded from the directory or from any other requests for open directory information from outside entities. If the student has requested that directory information be withheld, no information can be released: outside of UNT except as provided by law to anyone within UNT who does NOT have a need to know How to Prevent the Release of Directory Information To prevent release of directory information, the student must complete and submit the Directory Information Withhold/Release Form (pdf) on or before the census date of each session or semester (the 12th class day in the fall and spring terms, the 2nd class day of the May mini-mester, or the 4th class day in the summer terms). A request to withhold information may be submitted after the stated deadline for a term, but information may be released between the deadline and receipt of the request. The file of a student who has asked to be excluded from the directory information will remain flagged until the student submits a completed Directory Information Withhold/Release Form (pdf) to the Registrar's Office. This form is also available at the Registrar's Office. Note to students about to graduate: The withhold directory flag will remain on your records after graduation if you have requested that the information be withheld; therefore, we will not be able to verify your degree to potential employers. How to Request the Release of Directory Information The student will need to request that the information be released, either in writing or by submitting a completed Directory Information Withhold/Release Form (pdf). Additional Resources Read more about student privacy and educational records in the Academics section of the UNT Catalog. For more information, contact the Registrar's Information Counter by calling 940-565-2111 or visiting Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC) Room 147. Download Acrobat Reader from http://get.adobe.com/reader.   Registration Info Find Classes Get Advised   Registration GuidesSpring 2017 Summer 2017 Fall 2017 Academic Catalog View All Forms Instructions for using MyUNT and EIS   Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building http://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 