 registrar   grades calculate and improve your gpa Calculate and Improve Your GPA Registrar registrar   grades calculate and improve your gpa Calculate and Improve Your GPA Registrar registrar   grades calculate and improve your gpa Calculate and Improve Your GPA Registrar registrar   grades calculate and improve your gpa Calculate and Improve Your GPA Registrar registrar   grades calculate and improve your gpa Calculate and Improve Your GPA Registrar registrar   grades calculate and improve your gpa Calculate and Improve Your GPA Registrar registrar   grades calculate and improve your gpa Calculate and Improve Your GPA Registrar registrar   grades calculate and improve your gpa Calculate and Improve Your GPA Registrar registrar   grades calculate and improve your gpa Calculate and Improve Your GPA Registrar registrar   grades calculate and improve your gpa Calculate and Improve Your GPA Registrar  Calculate and Improve Your GPA | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us   Registration Transcripts and Records Residency Information GradesCalculate and Improve Your GPA Understand Your Grade Report Dispute a Grade Incompletes Pass / No Pass Option Exams Graduation and Diplomas Veterans and Military Home » GradesCalculate and Improve Your GPA Grade Point Average (GPA) The overall grade point average (GPA) is used to determine student class loads, eligibility for admission to the university and certain programs, and eligibility for graduation. Calculating GPA GPA is calculated by dividing the total number of grade points by the total number of semester hours attempted. The number of semester hours attempted includes all courses with grades of A, B, C, D, F and WF unless replaced by a later grade. Courses with grades of I, NP, P, PR, NPR, W or Z are not counted as courses attempted. In calculating grade points, grades count as follows: A = 4 points per semester credit hour B = 3 points C = 2 points D = 1 point F and WF = 0 points Note: All GPA calculations are subject to post-audit and correction by the Registrar’s Office. If you have any questions about how to calculate GPA, contact your academic advisor or the Registrar's office. An online GPA calculator can be found at www.cas.unt.edu/advising/gpa-calculations/gpa-calculator. Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) and Academic Standing The cumulative grade point average (CGPA) is used only for determining a student’s academic status and is not necessarily related to the grade point average that governs eligibility for graduation or graduating with honors. Undergraduate students must achieve a minimum cumulative grade point average, referred to as the minimum CGPA requirement, to remain in good academic standing. At the end of the first term of enrollment at UNT, the minimum CGPA requirement is 1.8. In each subsequent term of enrollment, the minimum CGPA requirement is 2.0. The CGPA upon which academic standards are based is calculated by dividing the total number of grade points earned in residence at UNT by the total number of semester credit hours (SCH) attempted in residence at UNT. Graduate students must maintain a minimum CGPA of 2.67 in the initial term of enrollment and a CGPA of 3.0 in all subsequent terms to remian in good academic standing. Classification for the purpose of establishing the academic standing of the student is determined by the sum of all hours attempted in residence in regularly graded courses at UNT, hours passed in pass/no pass graded courses at UNT, and hours transferred from other institutions. Not included in the definition of student classification for academic standards are hours granted by the university for extension, service experience, advanced placement, credit by examination, CLEP or transfer hours attempted but not passed or accepted by the university for academic credit. A student is placed on academic alert or academic probation at the end of any enrollment period in which the CGPA on work attempted in residence at this university does not equal or exceed the minimum CGPA requirement. For more information about minimum cumulative grade point average and academic standing, please see the Academics section of the UNT Catalog. Calculating CGPA The CGPA upon which academic standards are based is calculated by dividing the total number of grade points earned in residence at UNT by the total number of semester credit hours (SCH) attempted in residence at UNT. Courses with grades of I, NP, P, PR, W or Z are not counted as courses attempted. CGPA does not include hours granted by the University of North Texas for the following: extension courses service experience  advanced placement credit by examination CLEP or transfer hours attempted but not passed Improving GPA Strategies, best practices and campus resources for improving GPA. Additional Resources For more information, contact the Registrar's Information Counter by calling 940-565-2111 or visiting Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC) Room 147. For more information about Grade Point Average or the grading system used at UNT, please see the Academics section of the UNT Catalog.   Registration Info Find Classes Get Advised   Registration GuidesSpring 2017 Summer 2017 Fall 2017 Academic Catalog View All Forms Instructions for using MyUNT and EIS   Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building http://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 