 registrar   grades understand your grade report Understand Your Grade Report Registrar registrar   grades understand your grade report Understand Your Grade Report Registrar registrar   grades understand your grade report Understand Your Grade Report Registrar registrar   grades understand your grade report Understand Your Grade Report Registrar registrar   grades understand your grade report Understand Your Grade Report Registrar registrar   grades understand your grade report Understand Your Grade Report Registrar registrar   grades understand your grade report Understand Your Grade Report Registrar registrar   grades understand your grade report Understand Your Grade Report Registrar registrar   grades understand your grade report Understand Your Grade Report Registrar registrar   grades understand your grade report Understand Your Grade Report Registrar  Understand Your Grade Report | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us   Registration Transcripts and Records Residency Information GradesCalculate and Improve Your GPA Understand Your Grade Report Dispute a Grade Incompletes Pass / No Pass Option Exams Graduation and Diplomas Veterans and Military Home » Grades » Understand Your Grade ReportUnderstand Your Grade Report UNT's Grading System UNT’s grading system uses the letters A, B, C, D, F, P, NP, I, PR, NPR, W and WF. The letter Z is used to indicate that a grade was not properly received and/or recorded for a course. Note: No grade points are allowed for grades F, I, NP, P, PR, NPR, W, WF or Z. A complete record of all previously used grades and grading systems is detailed on the official transcript. Grade Description A Excellent work. Four grade points for each semester hour. B Good work. Three grade points for each semester hour. C Fair work. Two grade points for each semester hour. D Passing work. One grade point for each semester hour. F Failure. Given when a student:  has failed the course while still officially enrolled at the end of the term/semester;  is failing a course and misses the final examination without satisfactory explanation; or  stops attending class without processing an official drop or withdrawal. P Passed. A credit grade:  on pass / no pass option,  on student teaching, and  in selected undergraduate and graduate individual problems, research, thesis and dissertation courses. Learn more about the Pass / No Pass option. NP Not passed. A failing grade on the pass / no pass option; non-punitive. Learn more about the Pass / No Pass option. I Incomplete. A non-punitive grade given only during the last one-fourth of a term/semester and only if a student: is passing the course and has justifiable and documented reason, beyond the control of the student (such as serious illness or military service), for not completing the work on schedule. The student must arrange with the instructor to finish the course at a later date by completing specific requirements. These requirements must be listed on a Request for Grade of Incomplete form signed by the instructor, student and department chair and must be entered on the grade roster by the instructor. Grades of I assigned to an undergraduate course at the end of the Fall 2007 semester and later will default to F unless the instructor has designated a different automatic grade. Learn more about Incomplete grades. PR Used to show that work is in process on thesis or dissertation in courses numbered 5950 and 6950. NPR Used to indicate no progress on thesis or dissertation courses numbered 5950 and 6950, 6951, 6952, 6953 or 6954 in a given term. W Drop or withdrawal without penalty. Given when a student drops a course or withdraws from the university prior to the end of the sixth week of classes of long terms/semesters or corresponding dates for summer sessions (specific dates are published in the online academic calendar at calendar.unt.edu). After that time the student must have a passing grade for the instructor to assign a grade of W for a dropped course; otherwise, the grade of WF is recorded. WF Drop or withdrawal with a failing grade. Instructor may drop a student with a grade of WF from courses for nonattendance. May be assigned from the 7th through the 13th week of classes of long terms/semesters or corresponding dates for summer sessions (specific dates are published in the online academic calendar at calendar.unt.edu). Additional Resources For more information, contact the Registrar's Information Counter by calling 940-565-2111 or visiting Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC) Room 147. For more information on grade reports or the grading system used at UNT, please see the Academics section of the UNT Catalog.   Registration Info Find Classes Get Advised   Registration GuidesSpring 2017 Summer 2017 Fall 2017 Academic Catalog View All Forms Instructions for using MyUNT and EIS   Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building http://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 