 registrar   grades incompletes Incompletes Registrar registrar   grades incompletes Incompletes Registrar registrar   grades incompletes Incompletes Registrar registrar   grades incompletes Incompletes Registrar registrar   grades incompletes Incompletes Registrar registrar   grades incompletes Incompletes Registrar registrar   grades incompletes Incompletes Registrar registrar   grades incompletes Incompletes Registrar registrar   grades incompletes Incompletes Registrar registrar   grades incompletes Incompletes Registrar  Incompletes | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us   Registration Transcripts and Records Residency Information GradesCalculate and Improve Your GPA Understand Your Grade Report Dispute a Grade Incompletes Pass / No Pass Option Exams Graduation and Diplomas Veterans and Military Home » Grades » IncompletesIncompletes What is an Incomplete (I) Grade? An Incomplete Grade ("I") is a non punitive grade given only during the last one-fourth of a term/semester and only if a student (1) is passing the course and (2) has a justifiable and documented reason, beyond the control of the student (such as serious illness or military service), for not completing the work on schedule. The student must arrange with the instructor to finish the course at a later date by completing specific requirements. These requirements must be listed on a Request for Grade of Incomplete form signed by the instructor, student, and department chair; and also entered on the grade roster by the instructor. Grades of "I" assigned to an undergraduate course at the end of the Fall 2007 semester and later,  will default to "F" unless the instructor has designated a different automatic grade. See also Removal of "I" policy. How to Get an Incomplete (I) Grade An "I" grade is a non-punitive grade given only during the last one-fourth of a semester and only if a student (1) is passing the course; (2) has justifiable reason why the work cannot be completed on schedule; and (3) arranges with the instructor to finish the course at a later date by completing specific requirements that the instructor must list on the electronic grade roster. All work in the course must be completed within the specified time (not to exceed one year after taking the course.) How to Remove an Incomplete (I) Grade A student may remove a grade of “I” within one year by completing the stipulated work.  After completion of the stipulated work the instructor of record records the final grade on a UNT Grade Change Form and obtains the department chair’s signature.  The instructor’s academic dean completes processing with the Registrar’s Office, where the grade point average is adjusted accordingly.  For undergraduate courses taken Fall 2007 or later, if a student does not complete the stipulated work within the time specified, the grade will default to F unless the instructor has designated a different automatic grade. The GPA is adjusted accordingly, and the student will be subject to academic penalty should any exist. Additional Resources For more information, contact the Registrar's Information Counter by calling 940-565-2111 or visiting Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC) Room 147. For more information about Removal of "I" grades, please see the Academics section of the UNT Catalog.   Registration Info Find Classes Get Advised   Registration GuidesSpring 2017 Summer 2017 Fall 2017 Academic Catalog View All Forms Instructions for using MyUNT and EIS   Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building http://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 