 registrar   grades passno pass Pass No Pass Option Registrar registrar   grades passno pass Pass No Pass Option Registrar registrar   grades passno pass Pass No Pass Option Registrar registrar   grades passno pass Pass No Pass Option Registrar registrar   grades passno pass Pass No Pass Option Registrar registrar   grades passno pass Pass No Pass Option Registrar registrar   grades passno pass Pass No Pass Option Registrar registrar   grades passno pass Pass No Pass Option Registrar registrar   grades passno pass Pass No Pass Option Registrar registrar   grades passno pass Pass No Pass Option Registrar  Pass / No Pass Option | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us   Registration Transcripts and Records Residency Information GradesCalculate and Improve Your GPA Understand Your Grade Report Dispute a Grade Incompletes Pass / No Pass Option Exams Graduation and Diplomas Veterans and Military Home » Grades » Pass / No Pass OptionPass / No Pass Option Undergraduate Incoming freshmen, or any undergraduate in good standing with a "C" average or better on all work attempted in residence at UNT, may schedule one course a semester on the pass/no pass option. Seniors may elect more than one pass/no pass course during their final semester. A maximum of 18 semester hours of credit under the pass/no pass option may be applied toward the bachelor's degree. Only courses counted as electives on the student's degree plan may be scheduled under the pass/no pass option. These hours are not used in calculating the grade point average, but count as full credit. Instructors are not told which students are enrolled pass/no pass, and all students are graded alike. A grade of "D" or better will be shown as a "P." If the course is not passed, the record will show "NP" and the hours attempted will not be used in calculating the grade point average. The pass/no pass option for a particular course is elected at the time of registration. A student may change to the regular grading system in the office of his/her academic dean any time before the end of the sixth week of classes, or the corresponding point of a summer term, provided the eligibility requirements above are met. Courses taken under the regular grading system may not be repeated as pass/no pass courses unless a grade of "W" was previously received. A student who changes majors is not automatically denied credit for a pass/no pass course that becomes a degree plan requirement for the new major. That decision is made by the academic dean. However, under no circumstances is a grade of "P" changed to a letter grade. Transfer students have the same pass/no pass privileges and restrictions, but they must pass 30 semester hours of regularly graded courses at UNT to be eligible for graduation. Graduate Students Graduate students may enroll under the pass/no pass option only for undergraduate courses which are not required as a deficiency makeup or as a graduate degree requirement. Courses Automatically Graded Pass/No Pass Certain graduate-level individual instruction courses will be graded pass/no pass when classes are taught on campus and in those departments whose faculty have voted for the use of this grading system for individual instruction. Certain undergraduate and graduate courses will be graded pass/no pass. These courses include but are not limited to, student teaching, internship, practicum, individual research, basic reading and writing. Consult the appropriate academic department for further details concerning automatically graded pass/no pass courses. Additional Resources For more information, contact the Registrar's Information Counter by calling 940-565-2111 or visiting Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC) Room 147. For more information about Pass/No Pass, please see the Academics section of the UNT Catalog.   Registration Info Find Classes Get Advised   Registration GuidesSpring 2017 Summer 2017 Fall 2017 Academic Catalog View All Forms Instructions for using MyUNT and EIS   Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building http://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 