 registrar   graduation and diplomas information for graduates Information for Graduates Registrar registrar   graduation and diplomas information for graduates Information for Graduates Registrar registrar   graduation and diplomas information for graduates Information for Graduates Registrar registrar   graduation and diplomas information for graduates Information for Graduates Registrar registrar   graduation and diplomas information for graduates Information for Graduates Registrar registrar   graduation and diplomas information for graduates Information for Graduates Registrar registrar   graduation and diplomas information for graduates Information for Graduates Registrar registrar   graduation and diplomas information for graduates Information for Graduates Registrar registrar   graduation and diplomas information for graduates Information for Graduates Registrar registrar   graduation and diplomas information for graduates Information for Graduates Registrar  Information for Graduates | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us   Registration Transcripts and Records Residency Information Grades Exams Graduation and DiplomasInformation for Graduates Order Diplomas and Certificates $1,000 Tuition Rebate Graduation with Honors Graduation Statistics Veterans and Military Home » Graduation and Diplomas » Information for GraduatesInformation for Graduates Important Distinction between Graduating and Participating in Commencement Events Commencement events are the congratulatory ceremonies hosted by university officials in which students are publically and formally recognized. Graduation is the process of being awarded a degree after completion of credit hours and other degree requirements. Actual diplomas are not awarded at commencement ceremonies and participation in the ceremonies is not a guarantee of degree completion. To officially graduate from UNT, a student must apply for graduation by the posted deadline. After receipt of final grades, the student's degree audit or degree plan must show the student satisfied all university, college and departmental requirements for the specific degree. A degree becomes official when it is posted to a student's transcript -- typically two to three weeks after the completion of their final term -- not by their participation in commencement exercises.  For more information about commencement events, please visit commencement.unt.edu.  Apply to Graduate All students must apply for graduation by the deadline. During the semester in which you intend to graduate, please submit your application through MyUNT by the deadline listed in the chart below. In an effort to "go green" and streamline the application process for our graduates, the application for graduation is now online. To proceed with your graduation application follow these instructions: Login to MyUNT and from the Student Center click on the "Apply for Graduation" link in the Other Academic dropdown. The "Apply for Graduation" link will be visible, even if you may not be eligible for graduation at this time. Please see your academic advising office for more information. Verify your program, degree, and major. If your specific program, degree, and/or major is not listed in MyUNT, contact your academic advising office. Select your anticipated graduation term. Only terms for which we are accepting applications will be displayed. Enter your name as you would like it to appear on your diploma and in the commencement program. Please double check for typos - your name will be printed exactly as you entered it. Verify/update your mailing address. This is the address that will be used to send you important graduation/commencement updates (pre-graduation), as well as to send your diploma (6-8 weeks after graduation). Check your UNT email for a confirmation that your application has been received. Check your UNT email frequently for updates as your application is reviewed and processed. For more detailed instructions, click here. Important Deadlines Click here for information about the ceremonies. Please review the below information to determine when you should apply for graduation. Regalia Deadlines: For regalia pre-orders and important regalia deadlines, please visit the UNT Bookstore by clicking here. The University of North Texas Grad Finale will take place at the bookstore Monday, March 20, 2017 through Thursday, March 23, 2017.  During the Grad Finale event you can purchase all of your graduation related items such as your class ring and announcements, in addition to picking up your regalia. Undergraduate students If you anticipate graduating in Summer 2017 with an undergraduate degree and wish to participate in Spring 2017 commencement exercises, then you must apply to graduate by the posted Spring 2017 graduation application deadline listed below. (Monday, February 13, 2017) Graduate students Graduation applications for master's and doctoral degrees are processed through Toulouse Graduate School. For further information regarding graduation applications and processes call (940) 565-2383 or visit tsgs.unt.edu. Spring 2017 Graduates Applications available: Monday, October 10, 2016 Deadline to apply for graduation: Undergraduates - Monday, February 13, 2017 Graduates - Friday, March 10, 2017 Deadline to RSVP to participate in Spring 2017 commencement ceremonies: All Candidates - Monday, May 8, 2017 Summer 2017 Graduates Applications available: Monday, October 10, 2016 Deadline to apply for graduation:  Undergraduates - Friday, July 14, 2017 Graduates - Monday, June 12, 2017 Fall 2017 Graduates Applications available: Monday, March 20, 2017 Deadline to apply for graduation:  Undergraduates - Tuesday, September 19, 2017 Graduates - Friday, October 13, 2017 Deadline to RSVP to participate in Spring 2017 commencement ceremonies: All Candidates - Monday, December 11, 2017   Notes for Undergraduate Students Enrollment at a Second Institution: If you are currently enrolled at another institution, you cannot graduate from UNT this semester. $1,000 Tuition Rebate: Applications (undergraduates only) must be received prior to the end of the graduating semester. Minimum Requirements for Graduation: Degree audits must show complete at the end of the last semester. Graduation with Honors: Latin Honors, as applicable for undergraduates, will be printed on eligible diplomas. Eagle Express students who are eligible for a graduation incentive: Please review the below table for additional information regarding the incentive. Students eligible for a $1,000 incentive and planning to graduate in Summer or Fall 2016: Register for classes and apply for graduation when the application opens in Spring 2016. For graduation in the SUMMER 2016 or FALL 2016 semester with enrollment fewer than 1.5 hours in the term you plan to graduate, complete the Eagle Express Graduation Incentive Worksheet as soon as possible. Students eligible for a $2,000 incentive and planning to graduate in Summer or Fall 2016: Register for classes and apply for graduation when the application opens in Spring 2016. For graduation in the SUMMER 2016 or FALL 2016 semester with enrollment fewer than 5 hours in the term you plan to graduate, complete the Eagle Express Graduation Incentive Worksheet as soon as possible. Students eligible for a $3,000 incentive and planning to graduate in Summer or Fall 2016: Register for classes and apply for graduation when the application opens in Spring 2016. For graduation in the SUMMER 2016 or FALL 2016 semester with enrollment fewer than 8 hours in the term you plan to graduate, complete the Eagle Express Graduation Incentive Worksheet as soon as possible. Withhold Directory Information If you have previously requested that the Registrar’s Office “Withhold Directory Information” concerning your academic records we will not be able to verify your degree to potential employers. If you no longer want directory information withheld, please see How to Request the Release of Directory Information. Additional Resources For more information, contact the Registrar's Information Counter by calling 940-565-2111 or visiting Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC) Room 147. For more information about graduation requirements please see the Academics section of the UNT Catalog. Regalia Deadlines: For regalia pre-orders and important regalia deadlines, please visit the UNT Bookstore by clicking here.   Registration Info Find Classes Get Advised   Registration GuidesSpring 2017 Summer 2017 Fall 2017 Academic Catalog View All Forms Instructions for using MyUNT and EIS   Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building http://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 