s  library   services factory Overview The Factory Guides at s  library   services factory Overview The Factory Guides at s  library   services factory Overview The Factory Guides at s  library   services factory Overview The Factory Guides at s  library   services factory Overview The Factory Guides at s  library   services factory Overview The Factory Guides at s  library   services factory Overview The Factory Guides at s  library   services factory Overview The Factory Guides at s  library   services factory Overview The Factory Guides at s  library   services factory Overview The Factory Guides at   Overview - The Factory - Guides at University of North Texas Skip to main content Information for... Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors Persons with Disabilities UNT Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Other Library Sites UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History Finding Aids Exhibits Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website University Libraries UNT Libraries Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website MENU Home Research Services About Help News & Events Ask Us Accounts Login Home Guides The Factory Overview Search this Guide Search The Factory: Overview Overview Audio / Visual Toggle Dropdown Interchangeable Lens DSLRs All-in-Ones DSLR/Video Recorders GoPro + Accessories Film Cameras Camera Accessories Recorders, Microphones & Accessories Electronic Music Production Electronics / Programming / Prototyping Toggle Dropdown Arduino LaunchPad LittleBits Electronics Makey Makey Raspberry Pi Robotics Virtual Reality Printing / Cutting / Replication Toggle Dropdown 3D Printing 3D Scanning Die Cutting Laser Cutting Milling Vacuum Forming Textiles Toggle Dropdown Sewing Weaving Die Cutting Tools Toggle Dropdown Books Hand & Electric Tools Scientific / Probeware Soldering Equipment The UNT Libraries' makerspace, The Factory, promotes the cooperative and creative use of technology. We provide the UNT community with access to equipment, software, and training that promotes innovative, cross-disciplinary learning. Hours & Scheduling Hours - Spring Semester 2017 ​M-TH: 10:00 a.m - 10:00 p.m. Fri/Sat: 10:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. Sun: Closed Laser Cutting / Milling: M-F 10:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. 3D Printing Turnaround: 3 - 7 days on average Holds: Items return to circulation 3 days after email notification. Willis: 1st Floor Click to view full screen   UNT Map: Willis Library UNT Parking and Transit View All Library Locations Workshops Here's an automated list of our upcoming workshops. Check back periodically for changes or subscribe to this feed.  Note: Most workshops have a limited number of spots. Register here.  Suggest a topic or other Factory-hosted event.   Contact Us Do you have any questions, suggestions, or just want to share your project? We want to hear from you!  (940) 369-5259  Email us  Facebook  Twitter  Instagram Submit Requests  3D Print/Scan Consultations  Submit STL Files  Work Requests (Laser/CNC)  Suggestions - New Items/Servies  One-On-One Equipment Trainings Makers Our maker-techs come from diverse backgrounds and expertise areas. You can easily identify them from their grey vests, and they'll always be happy to help you. Contact Judy Hunter for tours, course integrations, and other administrative needs. Jordan Barrett Microcontrollers, Soldering, Photography Mando Cardona Audio/visual, Media, Woodworking Nick Carter Laser Cutting, Microcontrollers, LittleBits Jena Chakour Weaving, Makey Makey, Soldering, Woodworking Eduardo Chavez 3D Modeling, Robotics, Computer Numeric Control, Microcontrollers Jaycie Himmer Makey Makey, Textiles Devin Howell Woodworking, Sewing John Knowles Programming, Quadcopters, Microcontrollers, 3D Modeling/Printing, Robotics Jeffrey McCulley LeapMotion, Oculus Rift, Cricut, 3D Printing/Modeling Josh Zamudio Computer Numeric Control Equipment Audio / Visual Cameras and lenses, microphones, recording & MIDI, + accessories. Electronics / Programming / Prototyping Arduino, Raspberry Pi, LitteBits, robotics, VR, and more. Printing / Cutting / Replication 3D Printing/scanning, milling, die & laser Cutting, vaccuum forming, etc. Textiles Sewing machines and tools for weaving. Tools & Reference Hand & electric tools, data loggers, probes, soldering, books, etc. Materials available from this service have been funded (in part) by a grant from the U.S. Institute of Museum and Library Services and Texas State Library and Archives Commission. (2016) Next: Audio / Visual >> Last Updated: Apr 4, 2017 2:52 PM URL: http://guides.library.unt.edu/factory Print Page Login to LibApps Locations & Hours Select Location Willis Library Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media Library Annex Mail University Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 Partnerships The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library. The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center. Contact 940.565.2413 Research Questions Staff Directory Computer & Technology Problems Facilities Problems Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home 