 financialaid   summer Important Information for Summer 2017 Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   summer Important Information for Summer 2017 Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   summer Important Information for Summer 2017 Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   summer Important Information for Summer 2017 Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   summer Important Information for Summer 2017 Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   summer Important Information for Summer 2017 Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   summer Important Information for Summer 2017 Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   summer Important Information for Summer 2017 Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   summer Important Information for Summer 2017 Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   summer Important Information for Summer 2017 Student Financial Aid and Scholarships  Important Information for Summer 2017 | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Home SFAS Basics College Costs Scholarships Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Helpful Resources HomeImportant Information for Summer 2017   Summer Application Available: January 17, 2017 Summer Priority Date: February 15, 2017 2016-2017 FAFSA Deadline: June 30, 2017 Summer Application Deadline: July 10, 2017 To be considered for Summer 2017 Financial AidMoney provided to the student and the family to help them pay for the student's education. Major forms of financial aid include gift aid (grants and scholarships) and self help aid (loans and work)., you must: Be accepted for admission by the university and enrolled in an eligible degree program.  Visiting students are not eligible for financial aid. Complete the 2016-2017 Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) or the Renewal FAFSA. The 2016-2017 FAFSA is available online through June 30, 2017; however, UNT’s Priority Date for summer aid consideration is February 15, 2017. Complete the Summer Application for Financial Aid on myUNT. The application deadline is July 10, 2017. Verify and finalize any pending items by checking your “To Do List” on myUNT. To complete the Summer 2017 Financial Aid application, you must: Log on to myUNT Click on the Student Center/Register link from the main menu Find the Finances and Financial Aid section Click on the My Financial Aid link Select the 2017 Aid Year Select the Fin Aid Summer Application page Select Yes for Interested in Summer Aid Select your Expected Summer Enrollment Click the Submit button Enrollment Information for Summer 2017 UndergraduateGraduate Full-time 12+ undergraduate hours Full-time 9+ graduate hours ¾ time 9-11 undergraduate hours ¾ time 6-8 graduate hours ½ time 6-8 undergraduate hours ½ time 5 graduate hours Less than ½ time 1-5 undergraduate hours Less than ½ time 1-4 graduate hours DisbursementDisbursement is the release of loan funds to the school for delivery to the borrower. The payment will be made co-payable to the student and the school. Loan funds are first credited to the student's account for payment of tuition and fees. Any excess funds are then paid to the student in cash or by check for the purpose of paying for other educational expenses. of Financial Aid & ScholarshipA scholarship is a form of financial aid given to students to help pay for their education. Most scholarships are restricted to paying all or part of tuition expenses, though some scholarships also cover room and board. Scholarships are a form of gift aid and do not have to be repaid. Many scholarships are restricted to students in specific courses of study or with academic, athletic, or artistic talent. Funds For your awards to disburse, your awards must be “accepted” on myUNT at http://my.unt.edu. You can also “decline” awards you do not want to receive. Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) is monitored at the end of each term.  You must be meeting the minimum standards for SAP by the end of any given enrollment period at UNT in order to maintain financial aid eligibility. Disbursement of most financial aid funds to undergraduate students will occur once you establish half-timeDuring each term, 6-8 credit hours is considered half-time for undergraduate students. For graduate students, 5 hours is considered half-time. (6 undergraduate hours) attendance. Disbursement of most financial aid funds to graduate students will occur once you establish half-time (5 graduate hours) attendance. State and institutional grantA grant is a type of financial aid based on financial need that the student does not have to repay. funds will be disbursed in one disbursement on the 1st class day of the session in which you establish half-time attendance. Federal grant payments may be delayed due to required review by SFAS staff. These payments are based on your annual limit and on your summer enrollment statusAn indication of whether a student is a full-time or part-time student. Generally, students must be enrolled at least half-time (and in some cases full-time) to qualify for financial aid.. Please note: some grants have additional requirements and are not guaranteed. LoanA loan is a type of financial aid that must be repaid, with interest. The Federal Student Loan Program is a good method of financing the costs of your college education. These loans are better than most consumer loans because they have lower interest rates. The Federal Loans and Perkins Loans also provide a variety of deferment options and extended repayment terms. funds will be disbursed in one disbursement on the 1st class day of the session in which you establish half-time attendance. You must have completed Entrance Counseling requirements and have a signed Master Promissory NoteTo take out a Direct Loan for the first time, you must complete a Master Promissory Note (MPN). You can complete the MPN online at the StudentLoans.gov website. The MPN is a legal document in which you promise to repay your loan(s) and any accrued interest and fees to the Department. It also explains the terms and conditions of your loan(s). If you are applying for a Direct PLUS for the first time as a graduate/professional student, you'll need to complete and sign a PLUS MPN that is separate from the one that you use for your Direct Subsidized and Unsubsidized Loans. (MPN) on file with your lenderA lender is a financial institution that provides funds to the student or parent for an educational loan. before funds will disburse. If you have been awarded your maximum Direct Stafford Loan eligibility during the Fall/Spring 2016-2017 terms, you will not be eligible for loan funds during the Summer 2017 term. Scholarship funds will disburse to your student account once you establish attendance in the credit hours required to receive your award(s). Please review your scholarship award notification and/or agreement to confirm enrollment requirements, and contact the funding department or external agency for additional information. Anticipated AidAwards the student has "Accepted" on myUNT. Anticipated Aid does NOT include Work-Study or Parent (PLUS) Loans that have been denied due to adverse credit history by the lender. Parent (PLUS) Loans will count toward Anticipated Aid if the Parent (PLUS) Loan borrower does not have an adverse credit history and SFAS has received a credit approval by the lender. If your Anticipated Aid does not cover your Tuition and Fee balance, payment for the difference must be made to your student account to prevent your classes from being dropped. Payments can be made online at MyUNT. If the total amount of your Anticipated Aid does not cover your full tuition and fee balance, you must make arrangements for the difference by contacting Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services in order to prevent your classes from being dropped (regardless of whether your financial aid and scholarship proceeds are available by the payment deadline). Anticipated Aid is: (1) Scholarships you have been awarded, and/or (2) financial aid you have “Accepted” on myUNT. Anticipated Aid does NOT include Work StudySee Federal Work-Study or Parent (PLUS) Loans or Grad PLUS LoansParent Loans for Undergraduate Students (PLUS) are federal loans available to parents of dependent undergraduate students to help finance the child's education. Parents may borrow up to the full cost of their children's education less the amount of any other financial aid received. PLUS Loans may be used to pay the EFC. There is a minimal credit check required for the PLUS loan, so a good credit history is required. Students are advised to check with their local bank to see if they participate in the PLUS loan program. If the application for a PLUS loan is turned down, the student may be eligible to borrow additional money under the Unsubsidized Stafford Loan program. that have been denied due to adverse credit history by the borrower’s lender. The Parent (PLUS) Loan and the Grad PLUS Loan will count toward Anticipated Aid if the Parent (PLUS) Loan borrower or Grad PLUS Loan borrower does not have an adverse credit history and Student Financial Aid and Scholarships has received a credit approval through the Federal Direct Loan Program. Attendance and Withdrawal Information Reminder for Summer 2017 All students who are considering dropping from one class or withdrawing from all classes during the Summer semester need to review this important information regarding changes to withdrawal processing. You must adhere to class attendance requirements as defined by the university if you enroll in Internet classes. If you register for summer classes and decide not to attend, you are REQUIRED to notify BOTH Student Financial Aid and Scholarships (SFAS) AND the Dean of Students Office immediately to begin the withdrawal process. Dropping courses below half-time prior to disbursement of financial aid may result in your becoming ineligible for all non-disbursed aid. Additionally, if class attendance is not established, you will become ineligible for disbursed aid and therefore owe a debt to the university. If you withdraw from UNT prior to the 60% point of the summer session(s) you are scheduled to attend, you may owe a repayment of financial aid funds to the program(s) from which they were awarded (thus owing a debt to the university).  Failure to officially withdraw may result in the receipt of failing grades and you may owe a repayment of financial aid funds to the program(s) from which they were awarded (thus owing a debt to the university) . Students who receive failing grades (F’s, WF’s and/or NP’s) in ALL classes while also receiving federal financial aid may owe a repayment of financial aid funds to the program(s) from which they were awarded (thus owing a debt to the university). Withdrawing from classes or failing to complete and pass registered hours will affect your future eligibility for financial aid. You must meet SAP requirements to maintain eligibility for financial aid as defined by SFAS. If you have outstanding charges from a previous award yearThe academic year is defined as a set number of semesters as determined by the institution., you must pay your balance before any current term funds will be posted to your tuition and fee account. For Title IV purposes, a student who has enrolled in a session(s) offered in the summer term and does not complete the session(s) in which he was enrolled is considered to have withdrawn and a Return to Title IV calculation (R2T4) will be completed. SFAS will not consider you to have withdrawn for the summer term if: You give the institution written confirmation that you will attend a session that begins later in the summer term. The written confirmation must be provided at the time that would otherwise have been a withdrawal. If you do not attend the later session(s), the date of withdrawal from the previous session will be used as the official withdrawal date to determine the amount of Title IV aid to be returned to based on the R2T4 calculation. Important Reminders Register early for summer classes! Grant funding is limited for the summer. Apply early! The later a student submits their FAFSA and/or Summer Application, the later their funds will be available. Students who file a late FAFSA application will be expected to pay their own expenses and wait until their funds arrive to be reimbursed. Check your official UNT email regularly. Official notifications from our office will be sent via email whenever possible. Visit http://financialaid.unt.edu regularly for news and important updates including UNT’s financial aid Priority Dates for Fall/Spring 2017-2018. For Your Information Financial aid cost of attendance is based on your anticipated summer enrollment, as indicated on your summer application. Financial aid eligibility is based on your undergraduate or graduate career and academic program. If you graduate or are admitted to a graduate program prior to Summer 2017, your aid eligibility must be re-evaluated.  It is your responsibility to notify Student Financial Aid and Scholarships at any point your academic program changes. Please refer to the Graduate Academic Program Information page to determine eligibility for graduate and post-baccalaureate academic programs. Scholarship checks and donor letter(s) should be submitted to Student Financial Aid and Scholarships for posting and disbursement before the payment deadline of the summer session(s) in which you enroll.  Please note: Checks received are posted in the order received, and receipt of checks does not guarantee they will be posted in time to secure your classes.  It is your responsibility to meet payment deadlines and secure your enrollment.  Visit http://studentaccounting.unt.edu/payments for available options. Concurrent Enrollment Agreements are not processed during the summer term. Questions regarding the refund process at UNT can be addressed with Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services in the Eagle Student Services Center. Contact Us: Student Financial Aid and Scholarships 1155 Union Circle #311370 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738 Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203 Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. financialaid@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 4, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness Select LanguageEnglishSpanish 