 financialaid   news and announcements News and Announcements Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   news and announcements News and Announcements Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   news and announcements News and Announcements Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   news and announcements News and Announcements Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   news and announcements News and Announcements Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   news and announcements News and Announcements Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   news and announcements News and Announcements Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   news and announcements News and Announcements Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   news and announcements News and Announcements Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   news and announcements News and Announcements Student Financial Aid and Scholarships  News and Announcements | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Home SFAS Basics College Costs Scholarships Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Helpful Resources HomeNews and Announcements 2016-2017 Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) The 2016-2017 FAFSA is available online. UNT's priority deadline to submit a FAFSA was March 15, 2016 but applications are still being accepted. The deadline to apply is June 30, 2017.   Satisfactory Academic Progress Requirements All financial aid award offers are contingent upon maintaining Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP). SAP is monitored at the end of each academic term (fall, spring and summer). Failure to maintain all SAP standards may result in cancellation of all offered federal, state and institutional financial aid awards. Information about the financial aid SAP standards may be found online.   Prior Year Balance Information Federal regulations prohibit the release of funds to your student account when a balance over $200 from any previous academic year is present. Financial aid awarded to you will not be disbursed to your student account until the outstanding balance is resolved. Do not delay in resolving this issue so that we may deliver your financial aid to you in a timely manner.   Still owe a balance after getting your refund? Federal regulations prohibit Title IV/Federal financial aid from paying the following charges: Installment plan charge, Short Term Loan Origination Fee, Memorial Loan fee, Late payment or default fees Excess hours tuition fee Repeat course fee Once federal financial aid has paid tuition, fees and housing charges (if applicable), some students may receive a refund yet still owe a balance to UNT because of finance and/or overtime charges. Payment arrangements would need to be made for the remaining balance to secure a student’s classes.   Class Attendance May Effect Your Federal Aid Many federal aid programs, like the Pell Grant, Iraq Afghanistan Service Grant and TEACH Grant awards, require class attendance for the courses you are enrolled and receiving grant funds. If you are marked as “Not Attending” on the official class roster (e.g., 12th day of each fall and spring term), your award amounts may be reduced or cancelled based on the courses you have actually begun attending. If you fail to begin attendance in all of the courses for which you are registered, you will have failed to establish eligibility for financial aid. In this situation, you will be required to repay all of the financial aid that you have received.   Monitor Your EagleConnect Account for Important Messages Check your EagleConnect account regularly. Official notifications from our office will begin replacing printed letters whenever possible. EagleConnect is UNT's official message delivery system. Contact Us: Student Financial Aid and Scholarships 1155 Union Circle #311370 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738 Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203 Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. financialaid@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 4, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness Select LanguageEnglishSpanish 