 financialaid   special programs and study abroad Special Programs and Study Abroad Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   special programs and study abroad Special Programs and Study Abroad Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   special programs and study abroad Special Programs and Study Abroad Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   special programs and study abroad Special Programs and Study Abroad Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   special programs and study abroad Special Programs and Study Abroad Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   special programs and study abroad Special Programs and Study Abroad Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   special programs and study abroad Special Programs and Study Abroad Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   special programs and study abroad Special Programs and Study Abroad Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   special programs and study abroad Special Programs and Study Abroad Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   special programs and study abroad Special Programs and Study Abroad Student Financial Aid and Scholarships  Special Programs and Study Abroad | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Home SFAS Basics College Costs Scholarships Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Helpful Resources HomeSpecial Programs and Study Abroad Many students participate in special programs requiring enrollment at another institution while working toward a degree at UNT or choose study abroad to enrich their educational experience at UNT. Students eligible to receive financial aidMoney provided to the student and the family to help them pay for the student's education. Major forms of financial aid include gift aid (grants and scholarships) and self help aid (loans and work). may be able to use available financial aid to assist with the educational expense costs associated with special program enrollment or study abroad opportunities.  If you have questions regarding special programs or study abroad and the financial aid process, please email specialprograms@unt.edu so a financial aid team member can assist you. If you have questions about the types of study abroad programs that UNT offers, application materials, or general inquires please contact the Study Abroad Office at 940-565-2207, visit online,  or email studyabroad@unt.edu. If you have not completed a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)The FAFSA is used to apply for Pell Grants and all other aid. Complete your FAFSA via web at www.fafsa.gov . As the name suggests, no fee is charged to file a FAFSA. Follow the directions carefully to ensure proper and efficient processing., financial aid eligibility cannot assist with these costs.  All students are encouraged to be aware of financial resources available to assist with educational related expenses.  To determine if you are eligible to complete the FAFSA, visit our website:  http://financialaid.unt.edu/finaidapply. Still have questions? Get answers fast using Ask UNT, a site where you can find answers to the most common questions that we receive:  http://unt.custhelp.com Contact Us: Student Financial Aid and Scholarships 1155 Union Circle #311370 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738 Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203 Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. financialaid@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 4, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness Select LanguageEnglishSpanish 