 financialaid   cational aid exemption Educational Aid Exemption Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   cational aid exemption Educational Aid Exemption Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   cational aid exemption Educational Aid Exemption Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   cational aid exemption Educational Aid Exemption Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   cational aid exemption Educational Aid Exemption Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   cational aid exemption Educational Aid Exemption Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   cational aid exemption Educational Aid Exemption Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   cational aid exemption Educational Aid Exemption Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   cational aid exemption Educational Aid Exemption Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   cational aid exemption Educational Aid Exemption Student Financial Aid and Scholarships  Educational Aid Exemption | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Home SFAS Basics College Costs Scholarships Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Helpful Resources HomeEducational Aid Exemption Submitted by eleazar on September 29, 2016 - 14:26 How to apply Have your FAFSA or TASFA completed and submitted in a non-rejected status as early as possible after October 1 annually. Check theCollege for All Texans website for deadlines, requirements and obtain the application. Description The Educational Aide Exemption (EAE) is a state-administered program created in 1999. The purpose of this exemption is to assist students who demonstrate financial need and are currently employed with a school district to assist in preparing these students to become qualified teachers Amount If awarded, applicants are exempt from the payment of tuition and certain mandatory fees. Eligibility Be a Resident of Texas. Be registered for the Selective ServiceThe Selective Service Administration executes registration for the military draft. Male students who are US citizens and have reached the age of 18 and were born after December 31, 1959 must be registered with Selective Service to be eligible for federal financial aid. or be exempt from this requirement. Be employed in some capacity by a public school district in Texas during the full term for which the student receives the award unless granted a hardship. Show financial needThe difference between the COA and the EFC is the student's financial need - the gap between the cost of attending the school and the student's resources. The financial aid package is based on the amount of financial need. The process of determining a student's need is known as need analysis.. Have been employed by a public school district in Texas working full-time working in a classroom directly with the students in a teaching capacity as: An Educational Aide for at least one school year of the past five school years preceding the term or semester for which the student is awarded their initial exemption, or A substitute teacher for 180 days of the past five school years preceding the term or semester for which the student is awarded their initial exemption. Meet academic requirements established by the college or university. Be enrolled in courses required for teacher certification in one or more areas that the Texas Education Agency has determined to be experiencing a critical shortage of teachers at public schools in Texas in accordance with Texas Administrative Code, 21.1083 (6). Please visit www.collegeforalltexans.com for a current list of teacher shortage areas. Additional Information If you are interested in learning more about this program please visit the College for All Texans website for full list of qualifications, application instructions, and contact information. Program criteria may be updated by the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board without prior notice. Contact Us: Student Financial Aid and Scholarships 1155 Union Circle #311370 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738 Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203 Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. financialaid@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 4, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness Select LanguageEnglishSpanish 