 financialaid   texas application state financial aid Texas Application for State Financial Aid Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   texas application state financial aid Texas Application for State Financial Aid Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   texas application state financial aid Texas Application for State Financial Aid Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   texas application state financial aid Texas Application for State Financial Aid Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   texas application state financial aid Texas Application for State Financial Aid Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   texas application state financial aid Texas Application for State Financial Aid Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   texas application state financial aid Texas Application for State Financial Aid Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   texas application state financial aid Texas Application for State Financial Aid Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   texas application state financial aid Texas Application for State Financial Aid Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   texas application state financial aid Texas Application for State Financial Aid Student Financial Aid and Scholarships  Texas Application for State Financial Aid | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Home SFAS Basics College Costs Scholarships Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Helpful Resources HomeTexas Application for State Financial Aid If you’re not eligible to apply for federal financial aid, then you may be able to receive aid from the state. You apply for state financial aid by completing the Texas Application for State Financial Aid. State and/or Institutional Financial Aid Eligibility Through Texas Residency Since September 1, 2001, Texas Legislation (House Bill 1403) has allowed schools in the state of Texas the opportunity to award certain state and/or institutional financial aid to assist students pursuing an undergraduate degree if they met the state’s criteria for Texas Residency.  New legislation enacted effective Fall 2006 (Senate Bill 1528) expands the option for residency to other students, too (not just international students). Currently, the University of North Texas will accept the paper Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) or Texas Application for Federal Student Aid (TASFA) application to consider eligible new and continuing students for state and/or institutional financial aid. How will you know if you’re able to fill out the Texas Application for State Financial Aid? See the chart below to find out. StatusFree Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)Texas Application for State Financial Aid (TASFA) I am a U.S. citizen √   I am a permanent resident with an Alien Registration Card (I-551) √   I am a conditional permanent resident with visa type I-551C √   I am an eligible noncitizen with an Arrival/Departure Record (I-94) showing one of the following: Refugee Asylum granted Parolee (for a minimum of one year) Cuban-Haitian entrant √   I do not meet one of the statuses above; however, I have been classified as a Texas resident and therefore am eligible to pay the Texas in-state tuition rate. My classification as a Texas resident is NOT due to an in-state scholarship or assistantship.   √ Required Documents Federal income tax return transcripts are required if you filed taxes and are submitting a Texas Application for State Financial Aid (TASFA). Request a free “Tax Return Transcript” from the IRS online or by calling 1-800-908-9946. Please be sure to sign your tax return transcript before submitting them to our office for processing. TASFA Application New for 2017-2018 you can complete the TASFA online! or Download the TASFA Application (The form requires Adobe Acrobat Reader to be viewed.) The University of North Texas Admissions Office determines if students meet the state’s requirements for Texas Residency.  If you believe your residency should be reclassified, please contact the Admissions Office.  Please Note: You must be classified as a Texas resident in order to qualify for state and/or institutional student financial aid.  Also, keep in mind that state definitions of residency have NO impact on a student’s eligibility for federal student financial aid.  If you meet the state’s requirement for Texas Residency, please download the TAFSA application using the link on our website, and forward the completed application to our office for review and consideration. In order to receive state and/or institutional financial aid, program and student eligibility as well as availability of funding may affect the financial aid awarded to you.  Contact Us Please call 877-881-1014 or e-mail untstateaid@unt.edu if you have additional questions. Scholarships and Other Resources View a list of organizations that offer scholarships or resources. Contact Us: Student Financial Aid and Scholarships 1155 Union Circle #311370 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738 Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203 Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. financialaid@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 4, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness Select LanguageEnglishSpanish 