 admissions   international International Admissions Admissions  admissions   international International Admissions Admissions  admissions   international International Admissions Admissions  admissions   international International Admissions Admissions  admissions   international International Admissions Admissions  admissions   international International Admissions Admissions  admissions   international International Admissions Admissions  admissions   international International Admissions Admissions  admissions   international International Admissions Admissions  admissions   international International Admissions Admissions   International Admissions | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us   International Admissions Begin your university experience in the heart of Texas. Located in Denton, UNT is a student-centered public research university committed to preparing students to become thoughtful, engaged citizens of the world. One of the most diverse universities in the nation, UNT is home to 2,500 international students from 129 countries. It's easy to apply! View our English Language Proficiency (ELP) requirements Apply online Submit your academic credentials and other documents Apply for scholarships Have questions? Talk to our international recruiters Learn more Why UNT? Discover why UNT should be at the top of your list on our website for international students What are UNT's English language requirements? How to demonstrate proof of English language proficiency What academic credentials are required? Which academic documents are accepted by UNT and how to submit them How do I apply? How and when to apply for admission to UNT How much will UNT cost? Get info about tuition plans, attendance costs and ways to pay for college How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? Let us guide you through the application process for scholarships and financial aid How will I know if I'm accepted? What to expect after you've applied and how to check your application status I'm accepted! Now what do I do? Attend orientation, find a dorm, sign up for a meal plan, make new friends and more Apply Now Complete your UNT application at applytexas.org Take a Tour Come see our beautiful campus for yourself Get More Info Sign up for UNT information customized for you Learn English at UNT The Intensive English Language Institute (IELI) at UNT ONCampus Texas OCT college entry pathway program Topquestionsbyinternational applicants How do I meet UNT's English language proficiency (ELP) requirements? Where can I find the UNT General Scholarship Application? When should I apply for admission? How do I check the status of my application for admission? What degrees does UNT offer? Who can answer my immigration questions? How much is the admission application fee? What is orientation and why is it mandatory? When will my I-20 be ready? How can I qualify for the Texas resident tuition rate? What is the Clery Act and how do I view annual reports about campus safety? Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 