 financialaid   overview scholarship process Scholarships Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   overview scholarship process Scholarships Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   overview scholarship process Scholarships Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   overview scholarship process Scholarships Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   overview scholarship process Scholarships Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   overview scholarship process Scholarships Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   overview scholarship process Scholarships Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   overview scholarship process Scholarships Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   overview scholarship process Scholarships Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   overview scholarship process Scholarships Basics Student Financial Aid and Scholarships  Scholarships Basics | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Home SFAS BasicsFinancial Aid Basics Scholarship Basics How Financial Need is Determined College Costs Scholarships Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Helpful Resources Home » SFAS Basics » Scholarship BasicsScholarships Basics What is a scholarshipA scholarship is a form of financial aid given to students to help pay for their education. Most scholarships are restricted to paying all or part of tuition expenses, though some scholarships also cover room and board. Scholarships are a form of gift aid and do not have to be repaid. Many scholarships are restricted to students in specific courses of study or with academic, athletic, or artistic talent.? A scholarship is a financial award given to a student on the basis of academic achievement and promise. Many scholarships are awarded based on merit. However, some also take into account financial needThe difference between the COA and the EFC is the student's financial need - the gap between the cost of attending the school and the student's resources. The financial aid package is based on the amount of financial need. The process of determining a student's need is known as need analysis.. Scholarships do not have to be repaid. Information to Keep in Mind Check your myUNT and EagleConnect accounts often. Scholarship award notifications are sent to your EagleConnect account. Scholarships are considered an educational resource when calculating the amount of other financial aidMoney provided to the student and the family to help them pay for the student's education. Major forms of financial aid include gift aid (grants and scholarships) and self help aid (loans and work). you can obtain even after you receive a financial aid award letter. Non-Texas residents awarded a competitive scholarship of at least $1,000 by a recognized UNT scholarship committee for the academic yearThe period during which school is in session, consisting of at least 30 weeks of instructional time. The school year typically runs from the beginning of September through the end of May at most colleges and universities. or summer for which they are enrolled may be eligible to pay Texas resident tuition. Information regarding establishing Texas residency is available at the registrar's website. The highest-ranking graduate of each accredited high school in Texas is exempt from paying tuition at Texas public colleges for two semesters of the first regular academic year following high school graduation. More information is available at the Student Accounting and Cashiering Services website. Lock in your tuition costs, earn your bachelor's degreeThe undergraduate degree granted by four-year colleges and universities. sooner and save up to $3,000 when you graduate in four years. Get all the details about available Eagle Express tuition options. At the University of North Texas, we understand that your education is one of the most important investments you'll ever make. That's why we're committed to helping you afford your education, through our amazing value, our scholarship programs, and most of all, a team of professionals who are here to help you navigate the scholarship process. The University of North Texas annually awards $39 million in scholarships which can help you finance your education. This guide explains the types of scholarships available, the various eligibility requirements and how to apply. The first step in the scholarship process is ensuring that you're fully admitted to UNT. It’s important to understand that you are competing against many eligible students for limited scholarship dollars, which are awarded on merit and on a first-come, first-served basis. Complete your Texas Common Application early to be considered for admission early, and you'll be in the best position to compete for available funds. Next, complete the General Scholarship Application. You should submit this application annually to compete for available scholarship opportunities. The availability of all scholarship funding is affected by many factors, such as the economy and the state legislature. The sooner you apply, the better your chance is to be considered for scholarships, if eligible. Complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) annually, since some scholarships require the application. There is no cost to apply and no commitment to accept any award eligibility identified. Student Financial Aid and Scholarships (SFAS) is here to help you. Email us, call us at 940-565-2302 or come see us on the first and second floors of the Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC). See map. Freshman Scholarship Requirements UNT Meritorious Scholarships for National Merit Finalists Terry Scholarships UNT Excellence Scholarships SFAS Academic ScholarshipsStudent Financial Aid and Scholarships (SFAS) oversees a range of scholarships funded by donors who support UNT. In order to be considered for these scholarships, admitted entering freshmen must apply online using the General Scholarship Application, be in the top 25 percent of their high school graduating class AND score at least 1100 on the SAT or 24 on the ACT (written portion excluded). The General Scholarship Application is available online each fall. You must submit the application by March 1 to be considered for a donor-funded award. Department-Sponsored Scholarships External Scholarships Transfer Student Scholarship Requirements Finding Success with Scholarships Download the latest brochure Terry Transfer/Non-Traditional Student Scholarships UNT Transfer Scholarship Honors College Transfer Scholarships SFAS Academic ScholarshipsStudent Financial Aid and Scholarships (SFAS) oversees a range of scholarships funded by donors who support UNT. In order to compete for these scholarships, admitted transfer students meeting the 3.25 cumulative grade point averageThe GPA is an average of a student's grades. Grades have been converted to a 4.0 scale, with 4.0 being an A, 3.0 being a B, and 2.0 being a C. requirement must apply using the General Scholarship Application. The General Scholarship Application is available online each fall. You must submit the application by March 1 to be considered for a donor-funded award. Department-Sponsored Scholarships External Scholarships Continuing and Graduate StudentA student who is enrolled in a post-baccalaureate, masters, or Ph.D. Program. Scholarship Requirements SFAS Academic Scholarships Student Financial Aid and Scholarships (SFAS) oversees a range of scholarships funded by donors who support UNT. In order to compete for these scholarships, continuing undergraduate and graduate students meeting the 3.25 UNT cumulative grade point average requirement must apply online using the General Scholarship Application. Newly admitted graduate students also may complete the online application. The General Scholarship Application is available online each fall. You must submit the application by March 1 to be considered for a donor-funded award. Department-Sponsored Scholarships External Scholarships The Toulouse Graduate School offers additional scholarship opportunities for graduate students. We're here to help Each of our admissions events include the opportunity for you to talk with Student Financial Aid and Scholarship (SFAS) representatives who are ready to answer your questions. You can find us at: UNT Preview - Held each fall and spring, UNT Preview brings you to campus for a sneak-peek of student life and to meet with admissions counselors, and academic department and SFAS representatives. During spring preview, you can even get help completing your FAFSA during the Be Complete session.  UNT Live! - Throughout the fall and spring, we bring UNT to you for evening receptions. SFAS representatives are available at each event to answer your questions.  Transfer Debut - Our Transfer Debut events, held on campus the third Friday of each month, include information sessions on financial aid and scholarships for students transferring to UNT.  Scholarship success checklist Begin early! Scholarships can be awarded as much as one year prior to the beginning of an academic year (fall/spring). Get fully admitted to UNT! Make sure your updated transcripts and test scores are on file with the Office of Admissions by their priority date. Activate your myUNT and EagleConnect accounts! Complete the General Scholarship Application early! You must sign in with your EUID and password. Check your EagleConnect account often! Communications about UNT scholarship opportunities and all award notifications are sent to your official campus email address. Complete the FAFSA! All students seeking scholarships should complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid online. Apply for everything! Even if you don’t qualify for some of the academic scholarships listed, you may still be eligible to compete for departmental or external scholarships. Be persistent! Applications become available throughout the year. You should develop your own external scholarship search plan based on your major. Contact Us: Student Financial Aid and Scholarships 1155 Union Circle #311370 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738 Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203 Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. financialaid@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 4, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness Select LanguageEnglishSpanish 