 financialaid   check your award status 0 How to Check Your Scholarship Award Status Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   check your award status 0 How to Check Your Scholarship Award Status Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   check your award status 0 How to Check Your Scholarship Award Status Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   check your award status 0 How to Check Your Scholarship Award Status Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   check your award status 0 How to Check Your Scholarship Award Status Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   check your award status 0 How to Check Your Scholarship Award Status Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   check your award status 0 How to Check Your Scholarship Award Status Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   check your award status 0 How to Check Your Scholarship Award Status Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   check your award status 0 How to Check Your Scholarship Award Status Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   check your award status 0 How to Check Your Scholarship Award Status Student Financial Aid and Scholarships  How to Check Your Scholarship Award Status | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Home SFAS Basics College Costs ScholarshipsApply for Scholarships How to Check Your Scholarship Award Status Other Assistance - Waivers and Exemptions Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Helpful Resources Home » Scholarships » How to Check Your Scholarship Award StatusHow to Check Your Scholarship Award Status If you are receiving scholarships to assist you with your educational expenses, visit myUNT for updates from the Student Financial AidMoney provided to the student and the family to help them pay for the student's education. Major forms of financial aid include gift aid (grants and scholarships) and self help aid (loans and work). and Scholarships office. Scholarships award information is posted and viewed on your myUNT student account, but you are unable to accept/decline scholarships as you do financial aid awards.  Below is an overview on how to view your awards on myUNT. Step 1:  Once you're logged onto myUNT, view your scholarship award status by clicking on 'Accept Financial Aid.' Step 2:  Select the aid year you want to view.  Step 3:    You can see what you've been awarded.    Step 4:   Be sure to click on each award, and review the details and/or requirements noted in each award.   Step 5:  If you anticipate receiving a scholarship that is awarded by Student Financial Aid and Scholarships (SFAS), please e-mail scholarships@unt.edu.If you anticipate receiving a scholarship that is awarded by another department on campus, please contact the awarding department for additional information on the timing of your scholarship posting.  If you anticipate receiving a scholarship that is awarded by an external agency outside UNT, please contact the agency to determine if the information has been sent to UNT for posting.  Contact Us: Student Financial Aid and Scholarships 1155 Union Circle #311370 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738 Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203 Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. financialaid@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 4, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness Select LanguageEnglishSpanish 