 studentaccoing   information veterans and military Information for Veterans and Military Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   information veterans and military Information for Veterans and Military Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   information veterans and military Information for Veterans and Military Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   information veterans and military Information for Veterans and Military Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   information veterans and military Information for Veterans and Military Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   information veterans and military Information for Veterans and Military Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   information veterans and military Information for Veterans and Military Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   information veterans and military Information for Veterans and Military Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   information veterans and military Information for Veterans and Military Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   information veterans and military Information for Veterans and Military Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services   Information for Veterans and Military | Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services Skip to main content Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services Search form Search Search Call us Contact Us UNT Map HomeTuition and FeesEagle Express Tuition PlanTuition and Fee CalculatorsEagle Express Tuition Plan CalculatorTraditional Tuition Plan CalculatorExplanation of FeesExcessive Hours and Repeat Course FeesAuditing ClassesWaivers and ExemptionsPaymentsPayment by CheckPayment by CashPayment by Installment PlanSponsored StudentsNon-Tuition PaymentsService Fee for Credit/Debit Card PaymentsRefundsShort-Term LoansUNT ID CardsTax ReportingContact UsQuicklinks Back MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect University Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services Search form Search Search MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Home Tuition and FeesEagle Express Tuition Plan Tuition and Fee CalculatorsEagle Express Tuition Plan Calculator Traditional Tuition Plan Calculator Explanation of Fees Excessive Hours and Repeat Course Fees Auditing Classes Waivers and Exemptions PaymentsPayment by Check Payment by Cash Payment by Installment Plan Sponsored Students Non-Tuition Payments Service Fee for Credit/Debit Card Payments Refunds Short-Term Loans UNT ID Cards Tax Reporting Contact Us MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Search form Search Search Home Tuition and Fees Waivers and Exemptions Payments Refunds Short-Term Loans UNT ID Cards Tax Reporting Contact Us Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services You are hereHomeInformation for Veterans and Military Information for Veterans and Military Exemptions and Waivers for Veterans, Active Military and Dependents Several exemptions and waivers are available to veterans, active military and dependents. Brief descriptions of these are listed below. Waivers must be requested during the term the student is registered in. Such requests must be made prior to the 12th class day in long semesters and the 4th class day in summer sessions. Requests for retroactive refunds cannot be honored. Additional information regarding exemptions and waivers can be found at the College for All Texans website or by sending an email to Student.Accounting@unt.edu. Hazlewood Exemption* - Certain Texas veterans and dependents of deceased Texas veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States are exempt from payment of tuition. Hazlewood State application and other documents are required. This exemption pays all tuition and fees except for the Student Service Fee and Property Deposit. The student must pay the Student Service Fee each term. Additional information regarding the Hazlewood exemption can be found at http://www.tvc.texas.gov/Hazlewood-Act.aspx and in the following documents: Hazlewood General Information (Word or PDF) Hazlewood Legacy Fact Sheet (Word or PDF) Dependent of Texas Veteran Killed or Missing in Action Exemption* - Certain orphans of members of the Armed Forces, Texas National Guard and Texas Air National Guard are exempt from payment of tuition. Documentation is required. This exemption pays all tuition and fees. POW-MIA Dependent Exemption*- Children of U.S. prisoners of war or persons missing in action are granted exemption of tuition. Documentation is required. This exemption pays all tuition and fees. Military Waiver* - Resident rather than non-resident tuition is applied to U.S. military personnel, their spouses and dependents if they meet designated criteria. The certificate must be approved and submitted by the Registrar prior to registration. This waiver waives out-of-state tuition. The student pays in-state tuition rates. * Students applying for this waiver/exemption must maintain a cumulative GPA of 2.0 or higher. This waiver/exemption is subject to Senate Bill 1210 passed by the Texas Legislature in 2013. The relevant portion of the education code reads as follows: Sec. 54.2001. CONTINUED RECEIPT OF EXEMPTIONS OR WAIVERS CONDITIONAL. (a) Notwithstanding any other law but subject to Subsection (f), after initially qualifying under this subchapter for a mandatory or discretionary exemption or waiver from the payment of all or part of the tuition or other fees for enrollment during a semester or term at an institution of higher education, a person may continue to receive the exemption or waiver for a subsequent semester or term only if the person:  (1) as a graduate or undergraduate student, maintains a grade point average that satisfies the institution's grade point average requirement for making satisfactory academic progress toward a degree or certificate in accordance with the institution's policy regarding eligibility for financial aid; Other UNT Resources for Veterans UNT Main Page for Veterans Services UNT Student Veteran Services located in Sage Hall (Does not load properly in Internet Explorer) Top Contact Us (940) 565-3225 student.accounting@unt.edu Mail Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 105 University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #310620 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Visit UsEagle Student Services Center Room 105 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX, 76209 [map] Main Menu Home Tuition and Fees Waivers and Exemptions Payments Refunds Short-Term Loans UNT ID Cards Tax Reporting Contact Us University Links MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Email & Phone  Student.Accounting@unt.edu  940-565-3225 Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services   Find UNT on Google Maps   1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information Call us Email Us UNT Map Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links 