 studentaccoing   information university departments Information for University Departments Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   information university departments Information for University Departments Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   information university departments Information for University Departments Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   information university departments Information for University Departments Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   information university departments Information for University Departments Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   information university departments Information for University Departments Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   information university departments Information for University Departments Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   information university departments Information for University Departments Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   information university departments Information for University Departments Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services  studentaccoing   information university departments Information for University Departments Student Accoing and University Cashiering Services   Information for University Departments | Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services Skip to main content Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services Search form Search Search Call us Contact Us UNT Map HomeTuition and FeesEagle Express Tuition PlanTuition and Fee CalculatorsEagle Express Tuition Plan CalculatorTraditional Tuition Plan CalculatorExplanation of FeesExcessive Hours and Repeat Course FeesAuditing ClassesWaivers and ExemptionsPaymentsPayment by CheckPayment by CashPayment by Installment PlanSponsored StudentsNon-Tuition PaymentsService Fee for Credit/Debit Card PaymentsRefundsShort-Term LoansUNT ID CardsTax ReportingContact UsQuicklinks Back MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect University Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services Search form Search Search MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Home Tuition and FeesEagle Express Tuition Plan Tuition and Fee CalculatorsEagle Express Tuition Plan Calculator Traditional Tuition Plan Calculator Explanation of Fees Excessive Hours and Repeat Course Fees Auditing Classes Waivers and Exemptions PaymentsPayment by Check Payment by Cash Payment by Installment Plan Sponsored Students Non-Tuition Payments Service Fee for Credit/Debit Card Payments Refunds Short-Term Loans UNT ID Cards Tax Reporting Contact Us MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Search form Search Search Home Tuition and Fees Waivers and Exemptions Payments Refunds Short-Term Loans UNT ID Cards Tax Reporting Contact Us Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services You are hereHomeInformation for University Departments Information for University Departments Handbooks for University Departments UNT Credit/Debit Card Merchant Handbook (PDF) UNT Cash Control and Departmental Deposit Handbook (PDF) Frequently Asked Questions 1. Receiving Revenue How do we process payments/revenue in our office? An official receipt must be issued to each student or other individual for any payment to the university. This receipt must be itemized or contain exact descriptions as to the payment and must contain the person's name from whom payment is received, dated and signed by the person receiving the payment. This receipt must have the "University of North Texas" printed on it. All deposits by departments are to be made at the Cashier Area in SAUCS within five (5) days of collection. See deposit information below for more information. All checks received must be made payable to the University of North Texas and endorsed when received. Proper safeguards must be maintained at all times to assure protection for University funds. Refer to the UNT Policy Office for policies 10.006 and 10.017 for additional information or call the Cashier Area in SAUCS. 2. Departmental Deposits How do we process departmental deposits? All deposits by departments are to be made at the Cashier Area in SAUCS within five (5) days of collection. The deposit must have a Departmental Deposit Slip filled out completely with the required Chartfield Strings. In order to process your deposit, we will need your new Chart of Account information that can be found by following the link below. Http://fit.untsystem.edu/coa Please be sure to use the new deposit slip for the appropriate campus provided below: UNT UNT D UNT HSC UNT SYS The Cashier windows open at 8:15 a.m. and close at 5:00 p.m. Monday through Friday. Departments are encouraged to make deposits before 3:30 p.m. each day. Only one window is open from 4:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m. each day and deposits are not processed during that time. Departmental personnel can drop off deposits without waiting for them to be processed by signing a deposit log. During peak periods, such as registration and payment deadlines, an express window is available for departmental personnel to drop off deposits that do not need to be processed immediately without waiting in line. However, should a receipt be required, the depositor must wait in line for the next available cashier. All reduction of expenditure/reimbursement deposits should be processed through Purchasing and Payment Services. Petty cash deposits should be initiated with the Financial Report Office and travel reimbursements should be submitted to the Travel department of the BSC. 3. Taxable Items Do we need to charge tax on items sold by our department? If you sell products in Denton, you must charge the Denton sales tax rate, which is currently 8.25%. If you are selling products at a location outside of Denton, you must charge the rate of that city. For example, if your department holds a conference in Dallas and sells books and videos, you would charge the Dallas sales tax, which is also 8.25%. If you ship merchandise outside of the State of Texas, you do not charge sales tax. However, you must keep documentation that indicates where you shipped the items. When you are depositing the funds in SAUCS, you should include the sales tax rate that was charged on the Departmental Deposit Slip. For additional information regarding tax issues, call the Cashier Area of SAUCS or refer to: www.window.state.tx.us/m23taxes.html www.window.state.tx.us/taxinfo/salestax.html 4. Accepting Credit Cards for Payment Can we accept credit cards for payment? A written request must be submitted to SAUCS prior to accepting credit cards as a form of payment at UNT. Upon request, information can be forwarded to the department. The department must be set up as a credit card merchant in order to accept credit cards as payment. Refer to UNT Policy 2.2.31 for additional information. Existing credit card merchants can order credit card terminal paper by contacting the Cashier Area of SAUCS. 5. Departmental Refunds How do we process refunds to employees or students? All departmental refunds for students are routed through SAUCS. Refunds will be processed only upon written or email request. The refund request must include student or employee name, identification number, current mailing address, the account number from which the refund is to be made and the effective date of the transaction. If the student or employee has an outstanding debt at the university, the refund will be applied to his/her account. Any balance remaining will be forwarded to the student or employee. Refer to UNT Policy 2.2.22 for additional information. NOTE: Any refunds should be returned to the source of payment, therefore, credit card refunds should be returned to the credit card. 6. Employment Waivers How do we process employment waivers for professors, teaching assistants and research assistants? Faculty and Dependents A professor at UNT or another public institution in Texas, and their spouse and children, are entitled to register at UNT by paying the tuition fees and other fees or charges required for Texas residents without regard to the length of time they have resided in Texas if the professor is employed at least one-half time on a regular monthly salary basis. A waiver form must be completed by the employee's department and submitted to the Toulouse Graduate School before each semester. Guidelines: Individual must be employed as of the 12th class day in a long semester, as of the 4th class day in a summer semester and as of the 2nd class day in a 3W1 (unless payroll dates need to be considered). The employee's Job Title and BI Code must be listed on the form. Teaching Assistants, Research Assistants and Dependents A teaching assistant or research assistant at UNT or another public institution in Texas, and their spouse and children, are entitled to register at UNT by paying the tuition fees and other fees or charges required for Texas residents, without regard to the length of time they have resided in Texas, if the assistant is employed at least one-half time in a teaching or research assistant position which relates to their degree program. A waiver form must be completed by the employee’s department and submitted to the Toulouse Graduate School before each semester. Guidelines: Individual must be employed as of the 12th class day in a long semester, as of the 4th class day in a summer semester and as of the 2nd class day in 3W1 (unless payroll dates need to be considered). Hourly employees must work an average of 20 hours per week through each semester. The employee must work directly with students in an academic environment at least 51% of their time (this does not apply to Research Assistants). The individuals must work each semester a waiver is awarded (including a 3W1). The employee's Job Title and BI Code must be listed on the Employment Waiver form. The employee should be paid according to the following budget item codes: 0800, 0810, 1361, 1193 or 1791. If the employee is paid by another budget item code, the department should contact the Toulouse Graduate School for specific instructions on determining eligibility and assistance in completing the waiver form. If the student is employed in a department outside of their degree major, an academic authority in their major department must certify there is a direct relationship between the employee’s position and their degree program. An explanation should be included on the waiver form. Responsibility: It is the responsibility of the departments to understand the State statute governing this waiver and to ensure its proper use. By signing the Employment Waiver the departments are attesting that the information provided is true and correct and that all conditions of the statute have been met. The department head/account holder (and academic authority, when necessary) needs to be aware of the possibility that the waivers will be audited and that the responsibility for certifying the eligibility lies with the department head/account holder and/or the academic authority who signs the waiver. When a department becomes aware that an employee no longer qualifies for an employment waiver representative should notify the Toulouse Graduate School immediately. The Toulouse Graduate School does not hand out forms to students or faculty. The forms are distributed to the departments. If you have any questions regarding the Employment Waiver, contact the Toulouse Graduate School. 7. Stipends How do we process stipend payments? Stipends represent scholarship/fellowship payments to "students" for tuition, fees, books, supplies and living expenses. They cannot be tied to any obligation for past, present or future services. There can be no employer/employee relationship associated with a stipend payment. There are no fringe benefits associated with stipend payments as they represent scholarships/fellowships. All stipend payments must be submitted to the Financial Aid Department on a Stipend Authorization form. Recipients who are U.S. citizens or U.S. residents for tax purposes will be responsible for reporting any taxable amount of the stipend to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). IRS regulations require that nonresident aliens who receive these types of payments will have federal income tax withheld at the rate of 14% on any taxable portion (travel, research and living expenses) of the stipend. An IRS Form 1042-S will be sent to all nonresident alien stipend recipients by March 15 of each tax-filing year. 8. Faculty/Staff Identification Cards How do new faculty and staff obtain UNT ID cards? A faculty/staff identification card will be issued to any employee who is employed at least 50% time and benefits eligible. To receive an ID card, the employee should take a copy of their HRM-6 (payroll authorization) and some form of picture identification to ID Systems in Room 105 of the Eagle Student Services Center. Refer to UNT Policy 2.2.23 or call ID Systems in SAUCS for additional information. 9. Training offered to Departments How can I get training from Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services? Training seminars that cover the processing of employment waivers,stipends, cash controls and depositing instructions are offered once each year by employees of SAUCS. To schedule individual training, please contact the SAUCS office at ext. 3226. Top Contact Us (940) 565-3225 student.accounting@unt.edu Mail Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 105 University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #310620 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Visit UsEagle Student Services Center Room 105 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX, 76209 [map] Main Menu Home Tuition and Fees Waivers and Exemptions Payments Refunds Short-Term Loans UNT ID Cards Tax Reporting Contact Us University Links MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Email & Phone  Student.Accounting@unt.edu  940-565-3225 Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services   Find UNT on Google Maps   1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information Call us Email Us UNT Map Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links 