 moneymanagement   loan Loans Division of Student Affairs moneymanagement   loan Loans Division of Student Affairs moneymanagement   loan Loans Division of Student Affairs moneymanagement   loan Loans Division of Student Affairs moneymanagement   loan Loans Division of Student Affairs moneymanagement   loan Loans Division of Student Affairs moneymanagement   loan Loans Division of Student Affairs moneymanagement   loan Loans Division of Student Affairs moneymanagement   loan Loans Division of Student Affairs moneymanagement   loan Loans Division of Student Affairs  Loans | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Money Management Center » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs & Services Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Money Management Center Home About UsStaff Programs & Services Guides Contact DSA Home Loans SPECIAL NOTE: SUMMER 2017 LOAN CYCLE OPEN Applicants must be enrolled in summer coursework and meet all other eligibility requirements to apply at that time.   Only UNT Denton campus students are eligible to apply for SMMC loans.   SUMMER LOANS REPAYMENT DATE: AUGUST 7, 2017   Memorial Loan Program The Memorial Loan was established as a resource of last resort for students to address unanticipated or emergency expenses immediately threatening their enrollment. The loan program is not intended to serve as an alternative loan resource between financial aid disbursement dates. A one-time 1% interest rate is applied to the loan. Repayment of a loan and interest fee is the responsibility of the student and is required to be repaid by the student by the repayment date as defined on the promissory note. Boots-to-Books (B2B) Loan Program The B2B Loan Program is a needs-based, principal-only loan in the form of a line of credit with the Barnes & Noble Bookstore located on campus to help eligible student veterans or benefits-eligible dependents purchase needed textbooks and course materials while their aid and benefits are being processed. Neither an interest fee nor origination fee is applied to the loan. Repayment of a loan is the responsibility of the student and is required to be repaid by the student by the repayment date as defined on the promissory note. Only Denton-campus student veterans and benefits-eligible dependents are eligible to apply for this loan program. Green Loan Program The Green Loan was created to help eligible students address small, unexpected expenses. The loan program is not intended to serve as a personal ATM. A one time $3 processing fee is applied to the loan. Repayment of a loan and interest fee is the responsibility of the student and is required to be repaid by the student by the repayment date as defined on the signed promissory note. Bailey Loan Program The Bailey Loan Program was established as a resource of last resort for Denton-campus students to address unanticipated UNT-affiliated expenses immediately threatening their enrollment. The loan program is not intended to serve as an alternative loan resource between financial aid disbursement dates. Loans are available up to a maximum of $1,000 and are distributed through the student's established Higher One refund preference. A flat $45 origination fee is applied to the loan. Student may apply for one loan per academic year and are only eligible to apply for Bailey Loans during the fall and spring semesters. This is a closed application system requiring interested students to contact the center to discuss eligibility, need, and repayment prior to gaining access to the online application system. Repayment of a loan and fee is the responsibility of the student and is required to be repaid by the student by the repayment date as defined on the promissory note. Sewell Loan Program Sewell Loans are short-term loans available to qualified BBA and BS/MS students majoring in accounting. The loans can be used for tuition and course materials at the beginning of fall and spring registration periods. Maximum consideration of a loan award is $1,000. This is a closed application system requiring for interested students to first meet with a Department of Accounting representative to determine eligibility and repayment ability before access to the online application system is granted. Repayment of a loan and processing fee is the responsibility of the student and is required to be repaid by the student due date specified in the Jane Sewell Loan Promissory Note. Only Denton-campus declared accounting majors are eligible to apply for the loan program. Loans Memorial Loan Bailey Loan Boots-to-Books (B2B) Loan Green Loan Sewell Loan Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 