 emeraldeagles   Could you be an Emerald Eagle Scholar Emerald Eagle Scholars emeraldeagles   Could you be an Emerald Eagle Scholar Emerald Eagle Scholars emeraldeagles   Could you be an Emerald Eagle Scholar Emerald Eagle Scholars emeraldeagles   Could you be an Emerald Eagle Scholar Emerald Eagle Scholars emeraldeagles   Could you be an Emerald Eagle Scholar Emerald Eagle Scholars emeraldeagles   Could you be an Emerald Eagle Scholar Emerald Eagle Scholars emeraldeagles   Could you be an Emerald Eagle Scholar Emerald Eagle Scholars emeraldeagles   Could you be an Emerald Eagle Scholar Emerald Eagle Scholars emeraldeagles   Could you be an Emerald Eagle Scholar Emerald Eagle Scholars emeraldeagles   Could you be an Emerald Eagle Scholar Emerald Eagle Scholars  Could you be an Emerald Eagle Scholar? | Emerald Eagle Scholars Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Emerald Eagle Scholars READY. SET. SOAR! Home About the Program Removing Financial Barriers Academic & Personal Support Meet Our Emerald Eagle Scholars Info for Current Emerald Eagle Scholars Eligibility Requirements Support the Program Contact Us     Home About the Program Removing Financial Barriers Academic & Personal Support Meet Our Emerald Eagle Scholars Info for Current Emerald Eagle Scholars Eligibility Requirements Support the Program Contact Us Could you be an Emerald Eagle Scholar? Submitted by Anonymous on Mon, 01/14/2013 - 17:46 A college degree can change your life and define your future. The University of North Texas’ Emerald Eagle Scholars initiative is a selective program that provides guaranteed tuition and fees to academically talented and highly motivated students with high financial need. This allows you to realize your dreams and reach your full potential. If you are a Texas resident and will soon be a Texas high school graduate from a home with a family adjusted gross income of $40,000 or less and are eligible for a Federal Pell Grant through UNT, you may be eligible for UNT's Emerald Eagle Scholars program. The program covers the average cost of 15 hours of college coursework, through a combination of federal, state, and institutional aid, each fall and spring semester for four years. Pursuing a degree at a four-year university is an exciting journey. The Emerald Eagle Scholars program offers strong support systems to help you transition to college and continue with your academic success. Funded by generous gifts from UNT donors, state and federal grants, the program helps dedicated students just like you achieve their academic goals — often becoming the first in their families to earn a college degree.   Parents We would be glad to talk with you about how our program can help your son or daughter be successful. If you have any questions, you can talk to a staff member by calling 940-369-5251. Padres Nos daría mucho gusto hablar con usted acerca de cómo nuestro programa puede ayudar a su hijo o hija a salir adelante. Si tiene alguna pregunta, nuestro personal está disponible para hablar con usted al llamar al 940-369-5251. Contact Us: Emerald Eagle Scholars 1155 Union Circle #310946 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-369-5251 Visit Us: Sage Hall, Room 328 http://emeraldeagles.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. emeraldeaglescholars@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? urcm@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 