 financialaid   work study Work Study Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   work study Work Study Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   work study Work Study Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   work study Work Study Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   work study Work Study Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   work study Work Study Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   work study Work Study Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   work study Work Study Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   work study Work Study Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   work study Work Study Student Financial Aid and Scholarships  Work-Study | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Home SFAS Basics College Costs Scholarships Types of Financial AidGrants Work-Study Loans Apply for Financial Aid Helpful Resources Home » Types of Financial Aid » Work-StudyWork-Study How Departments Can Participate Departments interested in participating in the Work Study program should download the materials and the participation agreements. Please scan and email signed agreements to collegeworkstudy@unt.edu . If you have any questions, please send an email to collegeworkstudy@unt.edu. Federal Work Study Manual Federal Work Study Participation Agreement Texas Work Study Participation Agreement The previous documents require the free Adobe Acrobat Reader. Work Study jobs are partially funded by the state or federal government. Your eligibility for the work-study program is determined by financial need, satisfactory academic progress, and an enrollment status of half time or more. If you're eligible, you may go to the UNT Career Center to learn about available jobs. Typical positions include office assistant, library assistant, cafeteria helper and lab assistant. Eligibility Criteria Below is a list of eligibility requirements. You must: Show financial need. Be enrolled at least half-time. Meet Satisfactory Academic Progress Requirements. And not work more than 20 hours a week during a semester and no more than 29 hours a week between fall and spring semesters. How to Apply Complete a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) or Renewal Application. Indicate your preference for College Work Study on the FAFSA. If you're eligible, the Student Financial Aid and Scholarships office will notify you through MyUNT, where you may accept the Work-Study award. Thereafter, you can contact the UNT Career Center for available jobs. UNT Priority Dates Apply early because funds are limited Applications considered on the basis of available funds after the priority dates. Review the priority dates. Continued Eligibility In order to remain eligible for the program, you must: Show financial need. Be enrolled at least half-time. Continue to meet Satisfactory Academic Progress Requirements Amount of Awards Based on established financial need. Maximum award is $5,000 per nine-month academic period. Payment Students are generally paid on the 1st and 15th of every month. Students are paid at least the federal minimum wage. Payment is based on the number of hours worked during previous month. Repayment Repayment is not required. The money you earn is yours to help pay your education expenses. Must be reported as earnings on your income tax return. When completing the FAFSA for the following year, report your Work-Study earnings under the Additional Financial Information section. (Work-Study earnings are treated as financial aid rather than income when the Expected Family Contribution is calculated.) Contact Us: Student Financial Aid and Scholarships 1155 Union Circle #311370 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738 Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203 Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. financialaid@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 4, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness Select LanguageEnglishSpanish 