 police   safety programs l  Police Department police   safety programs l  Police Department police   safety programs l  Police Department police   safety programs l  Police Department police   safety programs l  Police Department police   safety programs l  Police Department police   safety programs l  Police Department police   safety programs l  Police Department police   safety programs l  Police Department police   safety programs l  Police Department  University of North Texas Police Department Search the UNT web site: MyUNT EagleMail Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT UNT Police Department Navigation Home Department Information Recruiting Police Operations Campus Safety Information Campus Safety Programs Safety Programs Theft Prevention Bicycle Safety Pedestrian Safety Reporting Suspicious Activity Seasonal Safety Tips Community Services Public Information Contact Report a Crime Accreditations The Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies, Inc. Click here for more information The International Association of Campus Law Enforcement Administrators, Inc. Click here for more information Safety Programs / Presentations The University of North Texas Police Department is proud to offer the following presentations to students, staff, and faculty: TEST self-defense Responding to an Active Shooter Alcohol & Drug Awareness Presentation Protocol for Handling Disruptive Individuals Presentation Campus Safety & Personal Awareness Presentation Emergency Readiness Training Protecting Your Good Name – ID Theft Presentation Stalking and Hazing Awareness Mutually Cooperative Police Contacts Campus Carry Spring Break Safety Theft Prevention *Each Program/Presentation is approximately one hour in length and free of charge. Self Defense class is a 3-4 hour course.. *Must have at least a 1 week notice to allow for scheduling. Specialized programs can be offered on a case by case basis. *The program requestor/group/organization is responsible for advertising, reserving space, and media equipment to show a PowerPoint. Test (Threatening Encounters and Strategies Techniques) The Test Program will cover the following defense techniques: Use of force human factors Prevention psychology Principles of avoidance Passive release and escapes Defensive counter strikes Click for the Sexual Assault flyer. Responding to an Active Shooter The Active Shooter Presentation cover the following topics: Hide Out /Get Out / Take Out How to respond when Law Enforcement Arrives. Recognizing signs of workplace violence. Click for the Active Shooter Respons Poter. Alcohol & Drug Awareness The Alcohol and Drug Awareness Presentation covers the following topics: Alcohol abuse Alcohol violations (State of Texas) Marijuana use Prescription drug abuse Mental effects of alcohol/drug abuse Physical effects of alcohol/drug abuse Protocol for Handling Disruptive Individuals The Protocol for Handling Disruptive Individuals Presentation covers the following topics: Who is a disruptive individual? What actions should you take when confronted by a disruptive individual? Communication with law enforcement. Creating a mental description of a disruptive individual. Communicating with a disruptive individual. Things to avoid when dealing with disruptive individuals. Special tactics to follow when dealing with disruptive individuals. Campus Safety and Personal Awareness The Campus Safety and Personal Awareness Presentation covers the following topics: Campus Orientation E-ride Emergency Phones Less Lethal Options Limitations Parking Lot Safety Misconceptions Holiday Travel Bike Safety Click for the Crime Safety Tips brochure. Click for the Bike Law brochure. Emergency Readiness Training Emergency Readiness discusses the basics of fire alarms, weather related emergencies, medical emergencies, Campus Carry Law, active shooter response, handling disruptive persons(s), and reporting to the police department. The Emergency Preparedness theme is think, prepare, and act Learn the Do’s and Don’ts of fire alarms and evacuations. What you need to know about weather related emergencies Get information about Notifications like Eagle Alert, Admin Announcements/Emails. Learn the fundamentals behind the Campus Carry Law. Develop an understanding of the three step process when responding to an active shooter Discuss how to safely handle a disruptive person. Understand what the police department needs when reporting a suspicious person or situation Protecting Your Good Name – ID Theft Presentation The ID Theft Presentation covers the following topics: • What is Identity Theft? • How your identity can be stolen. • How identity thieves can use your personal information. • How to prevent identity theft. • How to detect identity theft. • What to do if you're the victim of identity theft. Click for the Identity Theft flyer. Click for the Phishing Scams flyer. Hazing Awareness The Hazing Awareness Presentation covers the following topics: What is Hazing? Hazing myths Examples of Hazing/Behaviors Hazing laws What to do if you are a victim of hazing Stalking Awareness The Stalking Awareness Presentation covers the following topics: What is Stalking? Examples of Stalking Stalker behaviors What to do if you are a victim of stalking What info is important for law enforcement to have for a stalking case Mutually Cooperative Police Contacts Learn what to expect when contacted by the police. Understanding what are your civil rights. Discuss the theme, “Cooperate now and Complain later”. Learn what is necessary to be consider legally detained. What is expected from you during a traffic stop, pedestrian stop, and if you initiate contact. Campus Carry Campus Carry Presentation covers the policies to ensure a safe environment for all students, faculty, staff and visitors. Learn the law & UNT’s policy regarding carrying concealed handguns by license holders on campus. Know the procedures and responsibilities of a LTC holder. Be knowledgeable what is considered concealed carry. Spring Break Safety Spring Break Safety Presentation covers: Road trips Leaving the country At the ATM In hotels Alcohol safety Theft Prevention Theft Prevention Presentation covers: How to protect yourself from theft offenses. How to prevent theft from your person, vehicle, bicycle, and residence. Texas laws pertaining to theft. What to do it if happens to you. Contact information: Phone 940-369-8984 E-mail Ofc. Kevin Crawford Visit Us on: Facebook Twitter Campus Safety Alerts Click here for the latest Campus Safety Alerts. Safety Videos Click Here for more information about emergency management at UNT including preparing for and responding to emergencies. UNT policies: Open Records | Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy| Emergency Preparedness Information State of Texas information: Compact with Texans | State of Texas Online | Statewide search | Hot Careers in Texas | Texas Homeland Security | State link policy Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board Public Universities' Academic Data and Performance Reports 