 police   start report l  Police Department police   start report l  Police Department police   start report l  Police Department police   start report l  Police Department police   start report l  Police Department police   start report l  Police Department police   start report l  Police Department police   start report l  Police Department police   start report l  Police Department police   start report l  Police Department  University of North Texas Police Department Search the UNT web site: MyUNT EagleMail Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT UNT Police Department Navigation Home Department Information Recruiting Police Operations Campus Safety Information Campus Safety Programs Community Services Public Information Contact Report a Crime Accreditations The Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies, Inc. Click here for more information The International Association of Campus Law Enforcement Administrators, Inc. Click here for more information Report a Crime This system is for non-emergency reporting only.  Online reports are not reviewed during University non-operating hours including nights, weekends, holidays or other unplanned closures. Welcome to the University of North Texas Police Department Citizens Online Police Reporting System. If this is an Emergency please call 911. Using this online citizen police report system allows you to submit a report immediately and print a copy of the police report for free. Please confirm the following to find out if online citizen police report filing is right for you: This is not an Emergency? This incident occurred on property owned or controlled by the University of North Texas? There are No Known suspects? The incident is not in progress? You are not filing the report for others? You have a valid email address? If you answered yes to all of the above questions, you are ready to file your report online. Please make sure to turn off your pop-up blocking software before filing the report. If you answered no to any of the questions please look at our Online Citizen Police Report Frequently Asked Questions section. Upon completion of this report process you will: See the words: "Your online police report has been submitted" showing that your police report is complete. Be given a police report case number. Be able to print a copy of the police report to keep for your records. Please Note: All cases filed using the Citizens Online Police Reporting System will be reviewed. Upon review, if further investigation of your case is needed, you may be contacted. Filing a false police report is a crime under Texas Penal Code Sec 37.08. Using the The University of North Texas Police Department Online Citizen Reporting System you can report the following incidents (please choose one): Harassment Hit and Run Identity Theft Lost Property Theft Vandalism Vehicle Burglary Powered by Coplogic's Online Citizen Police Reporting Visit Us on: Facebook Twitter Campus Safety Alerts Click here for the latest Campus Safety Alerts. UNT policies: Open Records | Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy| Emergency Preparedness Information State of Texas information: Compact with Texans | State of Texas Online | Statewide search | Hot Careers in Texas | Texas Homeland Security | State link policy Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board Public Universities' Academic Data and Performance Reports 