 housing   livinglearning Living Learning Communities Housing housing   livinglearning Living Learning Communities Housing housing   livinglearning Living Learning Communities Housing housing   livinglearning Living Learning Communities Housing housing   livinglearning Living Learning Communities Housing housing   livinglearning Living Learning Communities Housing housing   livinglearning Living Learning Communities Housing housing   livinglearning Living Learning Communities Housing housing   livinglearning Living Learning Communities Housing housing   livinglearning Living Learning Communities Housing  Living Learning Communities | Housing Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Housing Guide Residence Halls Rates » Rates Deadlines 2016-2017 Housing Rates 2017 Summer Rates 2017-2018 Rates Guide LLCs » LLCs Apply Living Learning FAQ Housing Policies » Housing Policies Housing Handbook Contract Terms and Conditions Commuter Exception Staff Job Opportunities » Job Opportunities Day Desk Clerk Night Desk Clerk Hall Director Assistant Hall Director RLA FAQ Part-time Desk Clerk eHousing Search form Search Housing MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Housing Main menu Home Housing Guide Residence Halls RatesDeadlines 2016-2017 Housing Rates 2017 Summer Rates 2017-2018 Rates Guide LLCsApply Living Learning FAQ Housing PoliciesHousing Handbook Contract Terms and Conditions Commuter Exception Job OpportunitiesDay Desk Clerk Night Desk Clerk Hall Director Assistant Hall Director Part-time Desk Clerk RLA FAQ Staff eHousing Art & Design Education Engineering Health Professions Journalism Media Arts Music and Jazz Pre-Law  Psychology Science, Research, and Math UNT SERVES Living Learning Communities UNT Housing’s Living Learning Communities are academic neighborhoods where students live together to succeed.  We offer LLCs based upon majors, general areas of study, and general interests. Learn more about each communities offerings from their individual descriptions.  Why an LLC? Students in LLCs access enhanced staff and faculty support, use specialized amenities, and engage with UNT at a deeper level. In addition, LLC students enjoy: Easier college transition Better class attendance Broader campus involvement Higher average GPA Elevated graduation rates What kinds of LLCs does UNT offer? Academic Communities Various academic units have collaborated with UNT Housing to offer several LLCs. Each LLC has dedicated faculty or staff support and a required course component. Students should select the academic LLC that aligns with their major field of study in order gain the most from the experience. Themed Communities Themed LLCs are opportunities for students with common interests or majors in some of UNT’s most demanding programs to live together and help each other succeed.  These LLCs offer access to amenities that foster study and creativity, and freedom for students to design their own class schedules. How do I join? Login to eHousing to apply for housing. When you reach the “Select Application Year and Type” step, select the option “I’m applying for a Living Learning Community,” and select the LLC that suits you best when you are presented with the drop-down list.  More info on the LLC application process is available.  Find more answers on the LLC FAQ page or contact Housing for more information. View the Housing YouTube   Visit Us Crumley Hall UNT Housing 1621 W. Highland St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us UNT Housing 1155 Union Circle #311310 Denton, TX 76203 Phone: (940) 565-2610 Fax: (940) 369-8764 Contact Us (940) 565-2610 housinginfo@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 