 riskmanagement   campus safety cpr aed training CPR AED Training Risk Management Services riskmanagement   campus safety cpr aed training CPR AED Training Risk Management Services riskmanagement   campus safety cpr aed training CPR AED Training Risk Management Services riskmanagement   campus safety cpr aed training CPR AED Training Risk Management Services riskmanagement   campus safety cpr aed training CPR AED Training Risk Management Services riskmanagement   campus safety cpr aed training CPR AED Training Risk Management Services riskmanagement   campus safety cpr aed training CPR AED Training Risk Management Services riskmanagement   campus safety cpr aed training CPR AED Training Risk Management Services riskmanagement   campus safety cpr aed training CPR AED Training Risk Management Services riskmanagement   campus safety cpr aed training CPR AED Training Risk Management Services  CPR/AED Training | Risk Management Services Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Risk Management Services Campus SafetyAED CPR/AED Training Fire & Life Safety Health & Food Safety Student Event Safety University Vehicles Environmental ManagementAsbestos Emergency Response Hazardous Waste Indoor Air Quality Laboratory Safety Training Radiation & Laser Safety Emergency PreparednessGet Prepared Safety Coordinator Program Business Continuity Program University Plans InsuranceInsurance Notary Public Program Program for Minors Workers' Comp Program Frequently Asked Questions Occupational SafetyConfined Space Entry Ergonomics Lockout Tagout Campus Safety Automated External Defibrillators CPR/AED Training Fire & Life Safety Health & Food Safety Space Heaters Student Event Safety University Vehicles Questions? Concerns? Email AskRMS@unt.edu User login UNT EUID: * Password: * HomeCPR/AED Training Risk Management Services (RMS) offers the American Heart Association Heartsaver CPR Course.  This course covers Adult, Child, Infant CPR and AED use.  It is a certification course and cost $35.00 per person.  The class take about 4 hours to complete and is limited to 6 people.  The classes are at the Risk Management Center on campus.  Pick a couple of dates that will work for your group and we will schedule a class for you. RMS offers the American Heart Association Heartsaver First Aid Course.  This course covers First Aid Basics including Medical Emergencies and use of an Epinephrine Pen.  It also covers Injury Emergencies and Environmental Emergencies. It is a certification course and cost 45.00 per person.  The class take about 4 hours to complete and is limited to 6 people.  The classes are at the Risk Management Center on campus.   Pick a couple of dates that will work for your group and we will schedule a class for you.  RMS offers a AED class.  This class covers the use of a defibrillator and hands only CPR.  This is not a certification class.   RMS requires a minimum of 3 people to schedule a class. All classes are held Monday through Friday 8am – 5pm. RMS accept IDO’s, checks, and cash. For more information contact: Tommy.Jones@unt.edu Contact Us: Risk Management Services 700 North Texas Blvd Denton, Texas 76203 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: (940) 565-2109 http://riskmanagement.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. jonathan.dowd@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 21, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 