 riskmanagement   campus safety fire life safety Fire Life Safety Risk Management Services riskmanagement   campus safety fire life safety Fire Life Safety Risk Management Services riskmanagement   campus safety fire life safety Fire Life Safety Risk Management Services riskmanagement   campus safety fire life safety Fire Life Safety Risk Management Services riskmanagement   campus safety fire life safety Fire Life Safety Risk Management Services riskmanagement   campus safety fire life safety Fire Life Safety Risk Management Services riskmanagement   campus safety fire life safety Fire Life Safety Risk Management Services riskmanagement   campus safety fire life safety Fire Life Safety Risk Management Services riskmanagement   campus safety fire life safety Fire Life Safety Risk Management Services riskmanagement   campus safety fire life safety Fire Life Safety Risk Management Services  Fire & Life Safety | Risk Management Services Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Risk Management Services Campus SafetyAED CPR/AED Training Fire & Life Safety Health & Food Safety Student Event Safety University Vehicles Environmental ManagementAsbestos Emergency Response Hazardous Waste Indoor Air Quality Laboratory Safety Training Radiation & Laser Safety Emergency PreparednessGet Prepared Safety Coordinator Program Business Continuity Program University Plans InsuranceInsurance Notary Public Program Program for Minors Workers' Comp Program Frequently Asked Questions Occupational SafetyConfined Space Entry Ergonomics Lockout Tagout Campus Safety Automated External Defibrillators CPR/AED Training Fire & Life Safety Health & Food Safety Space Heaters Student Event Safety University Vehicles Questions? Concerns? Email AskRMS@unt.edu User login UNT EUID: * Password: * HomeFire & Life Safety Be Aware of Power Strip Recalls The State Office of Risk Management identified that a few state agencies may be using defective or potentially dangerous surge protectors around the office. Specifically, be on the look out for Schneider Electric’s APC 7 and 8 series SurgeArrest surge protectors manufactured before 2003. The company recalled about 15 million units in 2013, but many offices and individuals could still be using them to power their electronics. So far, there have been around 700 reports of the surge protectors overheating and melting, along with more than 50 property claims stemming from smoke and fire damage as a direct result of these faulty power strips. Also, there have been several reports of injuries, including smoke inhalation and contact burns from touching the overheated surge protectors. Model and serial numbers are located on the bottom of the surge protector To find out if you are using the recalled style of power strip, check the model and serial numbers located on a label on the bottom of the surge protector. The two numbers that follow the first letter or letters in the serial number sequence indicate the year of manufacture. The unit is included in the recall if the numbers are 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 00, 01 or 02. APC and the words Personal, Professional, Performance or Network are printed on the surge protectors. The following model numbers are included in this recall. The APC Surge 8 Series The APC Surge 7 Series If your office is using any of these recalled surge protectors, immediately unplug them and have your office manager contact Schneider Electric for a free replacement surge protector. Schneider Electric IT Corp. can be reached toll-free at (888) 437-4007 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, or online at http://recall.apc.com, or www.apc.com and click on the Recall link to submit a claim and obtain more information. For more information on these recalled surge protectors, visit the Consumer Product Safety Commission’s website. Contact Us: Risk Management Services 700 North Texas Blvd Denton, Texas 76203 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: (940) 565-2109 http://riskmanagement.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. jonathan.dowd@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 21, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 