s riskmanagement   riskman index  s riskmanagement   riskman index  s riskmanagement   riskman index  s riskmanagement   riskman index  s riskmanagement   riskman index  s riskmanagement   riskman index  s riskmanagement   riskman index  s riskmanagement   riskman index  s riskmanagement   riskman index  s riskmanagement   riskman index    University of North Texas En Español MyUNT EagleMail Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Risk Management Services (RMS) Mission Statement The mission of Risk Management Services (RMS) is to identify, protect and conserve university resources from loss. Purpose of RMS RMS provides proactive support for many areas critical to the strategic, operational and financial foundation of the university. Risk can arise from research, international initiatives or routine functions such as facilities maintenance. RMS helps identify, analyze and mitigate risks so that the university can freely pursue opportunities for growth and advancement. Mitigation and Control Successful accomplishment of the University's strategic goals depends heavily on risk mitigation, whether through reduction and prevention of risks, or through implementing and enhancing controls. RMS offers the opportunity to more fully understand risks, and to recommend the optimum level of mitigation using loss categories such as, Property, Liability, Human Resources and Net Income. RMS Sections The RMS department is organized into four major sections to identify and address risks and apply control measures for any exposure in the categories of loss. Environmental Services Insurance and Claims Health, Emergency and Safety Support Services Process Analysis and Evaluation Learn more about Risk Management Services. After-Hours Emergencies For emergencies after hours, call the UNT Police Department at (940) 565-3000. Chemical, Biosafety, Indoor Air Quality (IAQ), Asbestos Concerns Call Environmental Services at (940) 565-4751 for chemical, biosafety, indoor air quality (IAQ) or asbestos information. To request a hazardous chemical pickup, use the online form found here. Insurance, Workers' Comp, Youth Camps Call Risk Management Services at (940) 565-2109 for insurance, workers compensation and youth camp information, concerns or to report an incident or injury. Emergency Planning and Preparedness Visit the Emergency Management website for information on how UNT is preparing, how you can prepare, and to view evacuation plans and safety videos. Contact Information Risk Management Services700 North Texas BlvdDenton, Texas 76203(940) 565-2109 Email Us For questions about content on this web site or to report any issues, contact the webmaster. UNT System UNT System UNT UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online 