  dining   retailrestaurants Retail Food Shops  Dining  dining   retailrestaurants Retail Food Shops  Dining  dining   retailrestaurants Retail Food Shops  Dining  dining   retailrestaurants Retail Food Shops  Dining  dining   retailrestaurants Retail Food Shops  Dining  dining   retailrestaurants Retail Food Shops  Dining  dining   retailrestaurants Retail Food Shops  Dining  dining   retailrestaurants Retail Food Shops  Dining  dining   retailrestaurants Retail Food Shops  Dining  dining   retailrestaurants Retail Food Shops  Dining  Retail Food Shops - University of North Texas Dining Home I am a... ResidentCommuterFaculty/StaffVisitorVendorMy Meal Plan Portal Menu Bruce MenuChamps MenuKerr MenuMean Greens MenuWest Menu Locations Dining HallsAvesta RestaurantRetail Food Shops Retail Shop HoursMaps Our Story Catering CateringVerde CateringFood-To-GoAlcohol Service Sustainability General InfoFood SourcingWaste Reduction Nutrition General InfoSpecial DietsResourcesTop 10Links Employment InfoPOWTraining FAQs Contact Us Contact InformationFeedback FormSurvey Prize Entry My Meal Plan Portal Get a Meal Plan Now! Restaurant Locations Convenient Options for Every Taste and Budget Enjoy quality dining at our convenient Retail Food Shops across campus. There are so many options to satisfy every taste. Whether you're looking to relax and enjoy a meal with friends, or just dropping by for a quick snack between classes, all our locations look forward to serving you. Scroll down for options and more information.  HOURS OF OPERATION For a list of location days and hours, including Winter Break hours, please go to Retail Shop Hours. Payment Options All of our Retail locations accept FLEX, Declining Balance dollars, cash, and credit cards.   Late Night & Weekend Dining Now you can satisfy your late night cravings and enjoy fresh, delicious food on Saturdays and Sundays at the Union Food Shops. For venues and hours, visit Retail Shop Hours. Late Night Shuttle Service Need a ride between your dorm and the Union? e-Ride Shuttle offers transportation 9:00pm to 2:00am. Learn more at unt.edu/transit/eRide. Affordable Meal Plans Like to eat tasty, nutritious food and save money? We offer convenient, affordable meal plans for our Retail Food Shops and Cafeterias. To learn more, click on the link that applies to you: Commuter Students, Resident Students, or Faculty/Staff. University Union The place on campus to relax and enjoy a variety of foods that will satisfy any taste and budget. Enjoy popular national brands like Burger King, Chick-fil-A, Fuzzy’s Tacos, and Starbucks, or visit The Corner Store, Food-To-Go Pantry, or Campus Chat Food Court for hot food and snacks made fresh in our own kitchens.   The Corner Store Our convenient quick service market with grab-and-go salads, sandwiches, snacks, and sandwiches. You can also get a big scoop of homemade Scrappy's Ice Cream or Gelato. Which Wich is also located here to satisfy your cravings for fresh made toasted sandwiches.  Location: First Floor    Food-to-Go Pantry You will find delicious hot food, fresh pastries, and the zesty cajun-style flavor of Krispy Krunchy Chicken in one convenient location. It's the ideal place to grab a meal, fried chicken, or snack when you are in a hurry. Or just sit, relax, and enjoy.    Location: Second Floor (next to Chick-Fil-A)   Avesta Restaurant An oasis of elegant and affordable dining. This full-service seated venue offers upscale cuisine in a relaxing atmosphere. For a menu and more details, visit the Avesta page. Location: Second Floor, Room 248   Campus Chat Food Court (in the Union) Location: Second Floor (across from Information Desk) Boar's Head Deli Serving hearty, delicious Boar's Head deli products. Enjoy a fresh custom-made sandwich on your choice of robust breads, and a bowl of our signature soups served hot every day. Chopt Enjoy this fully stocked station of healthy, garden-fresh assorted salad items and fruit. It also includes an assortment of vegan, vegetarian and gluten free options. Mia's Pizza Old world, Neapolitan-style artisan pizza and lasagna fired in an authentic wood-burning stove. Each is bursting with specially select ingredients, including crust using Caputo flour imported from Italy. Sauté Savor the flavor. A customizable noodle bar with Asian, Mediterranean and American flavors. Choose your vegetables, meat, noodles and sauce, and then watch as we sauté them to perfection Sushi Get a taste of Japan right here in North Texas. Our specially-trained sushi chefs create a wonderful array of sushi rice bowls every day. We also offer fresh packaged sushi selections in our food case. Popular Brands (in the Union)   Burger King   Flame-grilled and satisfying. Sink your teeth into a famous Whopper, fries, shakes, salads, breakfast items and other freshly-prepared foods.   Location: Second floor (by Taco Bueno)   Chick-fil-AGet your chicken fix right here. Chick-fil-A knows chicken. Enjoy fried or grilled sandwiches, waffle fries, salads, and more. Great taste everyday! Location: Second floor    Fuzzy’s Taco Feast on fresh, fast and fun. Get generous helpings of uniquely flavorful Baja-style tacos and spicy sides. Then relax and enjoy them with your friends in the fun sports bar atmosphere of The Syndicate. Location: Second floor (in the Syndicate) Jamba Juice Squeeze the Day! Order from a wide selection of delicious, nutritious smoothies, freshly squeezed juices, and energy bowls packed with wholesome ingredients. Add a healthy boost for a little extra burst of energy. Location: First floor (in Barnes and Noble) Krispy Krunchy Crunch into the cajun-style flavor of bone-in chicken and tenders, shrimp, breakfast items, and more. Always fresh and fried in zero trans fat oil. It’s chicken that lives up to its name. Location: Second floor (Food-to-Go Pantry) Starbucks Relax in one of the only full-sized university Starbucks in the country. Enjoy the rich brewed flavor of hot coffees and teas, or cool off with iced coffees and specialty drinks. Location: Second floor (next to Food Court)   Taco Bueno Tex-Mex made fresh! Tacos, burritos and quesadillas served hot. Enjoy 100% fresh ground beef, real cheddar cheese, and salsas made from scratch. Location: Second floor (by Burger King)   Which Wich Superior Sandwiches in the bag. Customize your fresh-made sandwich any way you want, or turn it into a nutritious Bowlwich salad. Which ‘wich will you choose? Location: First floor (in Corner Store)   Favorite Spots Around Campus The Union isn't the only place to find great food. We have convenient locations all over campus to serve you. Biz CaféPopular "SNAP!" sandwiches, salads, and snacks, plus bottled and fountain drinks. You can also enjoy hot Starbucks coffee and specialty drinks, or fresh Tazo Tea. Location: Business Leadership Building  Café G.A.B.This cozy spot houses North Texas' first Caribou Coffee, serving a full range of espresso drinks, coffee, and tea. Grab-&-go items, snacks, and drinks are also available. Location: General Academic Building Go! StationWith fresh packaged foods created in our own kitchens, Peet's Coffee and Tea bar, bottled drinks and more, it's a convenient place to grab a snack or drink on the run. Location: Wooten Hall  Khush RotiHearty international sandwiches grilled to perfection. Seasoned twister fries, fountain beverages, unique bottled sodas, chips, and homemade peanut butter bars. Location: Near General Academic Building Discovery Park Off campus, but worth the trip. Park Place MarketMade-to-order grill, ready-to-go sandwiches, salads, bakery items, candy, cold beverages, and Starbucks Coffee. Location: Room G110 Discovery PerksPerk up your day. Pour a hot cup of fresh-brewed Starbucks Coffee or Tazo Tea, and grab a wholesome snack on the go. Location: By entrance to Park Place Market. Follow Us Tweets by @UNTdining Like Us University of North Texas Dining © 2017 A Mopro Website Back to Top 