 riskmanagement   insurance and claims  notary public information Notary Public Program Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims  notary public information Notary Public Program Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims  notary public information Notary Public Program Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims  notary public information Notary Public Program Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims  notary public information Notary Public Program Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims  notary public information Notary Public Program Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims  notary public information Notary Public Program Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims  notary public information Notary Public Program Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims  notary public information Notary Public Program Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims  notary public information Notary Public Program Risk Management Services  Notary Public Program | Risk Management Services Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Risk Management Services Campus SafetyAED CPR/AED Training Fire & Life Safety Health & Food Safety Student Event Safety University Vehicles Environmental ManagementAsbestos Emergency Response Hazardous Waste Indoor Air Quality Laboratory Safety Training Radiation & Laser Safety Emergency PreparednessGet Prepared Safety Coordinator Program Business Continuity Program University Plans InsuranceInsurance Notary Public Program Program for Minors Workers' Comp Program Frequently Asked Questions Occupational SafetyConfined Space Entry Ergonomics Lockout Tagout Insurance & Claims Home Insurance Notary Public Program Programs for Minors Workers' Compensation Program Frequently Asked Questions Questions? Concerns? Email AskRMS@unt.edu User login UNT EUID: * Password: * HomeNotary Public Program Submitted by Jonathan Dowd on Wed, 09/18/2013 - 15:50 A notary public is a public servant with statewide jurisdiction who is authorized to take acknowledgements, protest instruments permitted by law, administer oaths, take depositions, and certify copies of documents not recordable in the public records. A UNT Notary should have the intention of notarizing university business.  For a list of notaries on campus, please contact Risk Management Services. Notary public appointments are administered by the Office of the Texas Secretary of State and managed by the State Office of Risk Management (SORM). Texas House Bill 1203 charges SORM with overseeing the purchase of surety bonds for state officers and employees. Therefore, The University of North Texas, System and UNT-Dallas does not purchase surety bonds for their notaries, and appointments must be made without bond. Government Code § 406.007 requires state agencies to pay a filing fee of $11.00 to appoint a notary public. This fee must be incurred by the sponsoring department.   To contact our department about any questions not answered in the documents, contact Risk Management Services at (940) 565-2109. Notary Public Program Become a Notary Renew Commission Surrender Commission Campus Notaries Forms Educational Materials Contact Us: Risk Management Services 700 North Texas Blvd Denton, Texas 76203 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: (940) 565-2109 http://riskmanagement.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. jonathan.dowd@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 21, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 