 riskmanagement   insurance and claims programs for minors Program for Minors Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims programs for minors Program for Minors Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims programs for minors Program for Minors Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims programs for minors Program for Minors Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims programs for minors Program for Minors Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims programs for minors Program for Minors Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims programs for minors Program for Minors Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims programs for minors Program for Minors Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims programs for minors Program for Minors Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims programs for minors Program for Minors Risk Management Services  Program for Minors | Risk Management Services Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Risk Management Services Campus SafetyAED CPR/AED Training Fire & Life Safety Health & Food Safety Student Event Safety University Vehicles Environmental ManagementAsbestos Emergency Response Hazardous Waste Indoor Air Quality Laboratory Safety Training Radiation & Laser Safety Emergency PreparednessGet Prepared Safety Coordinator Program Business Continuity Program University Plans InsuranceInsurance Notary Public Program Program for Minors Workers' Comp Program Frequently Asked Questions Occupational SafetyConfined Space Entry Ergonomics Lockout Tagout Insurance & Claims Home Insurance Notary Public Program Programs for Minors Workers' Compensation Program Frequently Asked Questions Questions? Concerns? Email AskRMS@unt.edu User login UNT EUID: * Password: * HomeProgram for Minors Submitted by Jonathan Dowd on Wed, 04/02/2014 - 15:01 Although the university's main responsibility is to provide students with the best education possible so they can achieve their goals, UNT is also committed to serving the North Texas community. In doing so, thousands of minors come to our campus for programs, internships, tours of the campus, working in labs, and many other experiences each year. The Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) for Programs for Minors must be followed by any person working with a minor.  These procedures are intended to provide guidance to those involved in the planning and implementation of programs for minors sponsored by the University of North Texas or conducted on its campus. UNT encourages the use of its campus and facilities, on a space available basis, and any University department is eligible to conduct a Program for Minors if they intend to promote the mission of the University. University departments who wish to sponsor UNT Program for Minors can choose to make their own arrangements for meeting and recreational space, auxiliary services, transportation, social events, and all support services needed for a successful program by contacting each UNT entity directly. The Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) for Minors in Labs must be followed if minors are invovled in any University laboratory or shop program.  Alternatively, University departments can utilize the services of the Lifelong Learning and Professional Development office. A third party is a person, group or organization not affiliated with the University. Any third party wishing to use University facilities to conduct a program for minors must work through LLPD using a Facilities and Services Agreement. These programs must adhere to University and LLPD procedures, guidelines, and policies while a guest at the University of North Texas.DefinitionsProgram – Any youth camp, activity, internship, volunteer opportunity, or event operated by or on the University of North Texas campus that has direct contact with minors.   Director –  A person who owns, operates, or supervises a program.  This includes departments partnering with a third party.Staff – An employee, student, volunteer, or worker who is directly involved in the operation of a program. This does not include a person acting as a guest speaker, an entertainer, or fulfilling any other role, whose attendance at a program is for a limited purpose or a limited time if the person has no direct and unsupervised interaction with minors. Minor/Participant – A person under the age of 18 years old who is not otherwise enrolled as a student of UNT.. Health Officer – Physician, registered nurse, licensed vocational nurse, a person with an American Red Cross Emergency Response certificate, or its equivalent, or who is certified in CPR and basic first aid.   Programs for Minors Procedures Forms Resources Program Insurance Reporting Incidents Abuse Awareness Training Criminal History Background Check Contact Us: Risk Management Services 700 North Texas Blvd Denton, Texas 76203 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: (940) 565-2109 http://riskmanagement.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. jonathan.dowd@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 21, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 