 riskmanagement   insurance and claims workers compensation program Workers Compensation Program Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims workers compensation program Workers Compensation Program Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims workers compensation program Workers Compensation Program Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims workers compensation program Workers Compensation Program Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims workers compensation program Workers Compensation Program Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims workers compensation program Workers Compensation Program Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims workers compensation program Workers Compensation Program Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims workers compensation program Workers Compensation Program Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims workers compensation program Workers Compensation Program Risk Management Services riskmanagement   insurance and claims workers compensation program Workers Compensation Program Risk Management Services  Workers' Compensation Program | Risk Management Services Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Risk Management Services Campus SafetyAED CPR/AED Training Fire & Life Safety Health & Food Safety Student Event Safety University Vehicles Environmental ManagementAsbestos Emergency Response Hazardous Waste Indoor Air Quality Laboratory Safety Training Radiation & Laser Safety Emergency PreparednessGet Prepared Safety Coordinator Program Business Continuity Program University Plans InsuranceInsurance Notary Public Program Program for Minors Workers' Comp Program Frequently Asked Questions Occupational SafetyConfined Space Entry Ergonomics Lockout Tagout Insurance & Claims Home Insurance Notary Public Program Programs for Minors Workers' Compensation Program Frequently Asked Questions Questions? Concerns? Email AskRMS@unt.edu User login UNT EUID: * Password: * HomeWorkers' Compensation Program Submitted by Jonathan Dowd on Wed, 04/02/2014 - 13:57 The University of North Texas provides workers’ compensation insurance for all faculty and staff, including paid student employees, under the provision of the Workers' Compensation Act for Texas State employees.  Workers’ compensation provides both medical and indemnity benefit payments for and to eligible employees who sustained an injury while within the course and scope of their job duties. Reporting of Injuries The injured employee must notify his or her supervisor of an injury as soon as possible but no later than thirty (30) days of the injury even if no medical treatment is needed.  The injury must also be report to the Risk Management Services (RMS) Office within 24 hours of the injury.  Failure to report immediately may jeopardize a claim for workers’ compensation. Once RMS is aware of the injury, the injured employee and supervisor will be emailed the Workers’ Comp Supervisor Packet and the Workers’ Comp Employee Packet. To report an injury that requires no medical treatment, the supervisor must complete the Workers’ Comp Employee Injury Report Form. To report an injury, call Risk Management Services at (940) 565-2109. Medical Treatment If you are injured on the job and need medical treatment, you must be seen by an in network provider.  The State Office of Risk Management has contracted with the IMO Med-Select Network to obtain such treatment. If a life-threatening emergency, call 9-1-1 or seek medical treatment at the nearest Emergency Room. For non-emergency injuries, contact Risk Management Services, if possible, and we can assist you in obtaining medical care from a network provider. If you are unable to speak with a person in Risk Management, treatment should be obtained at the closest CareNow facility. An injured employee is not required to seek medical treatment if they do not wish to do so.  You may seek treatment from your primary care physician, however, this will be at the expense of the employee and will not be covered by workers’ compensation. Filing a Claim The injured employee has up to one (1) year from the date of injury to file a claim for compensation.  All forms in the Workers’ Comp Employee Packet must be completed and signed before a claim can be filed. Risk Management Services is responsible for: Reporting the employee’s claim to the State Office of Risk Management (SORM), Maintaining all records of workers’ compensation claims filed on employees of UNT, UNTS, and UNTD, Assisting injured employees and their supervisors with administrative requirements and processes associated with injury or illness claims, and Coordinating with providers of care to injured employees. Return to Work An employee is entered into the Return To Work Program when they are put on modified duty by a physician.  The program is designed to provide opportunities for any employee who sustains a compensable injury during the course and scope of employment to safely return to productive and meaningful work.  If the employee is not capable of returning to full duty, the return to work program provides opportunities for them to perform a temporary assignment, either modified or alternate duty, for up to six (6) months or until the employee is released to full duty by his or her health care provider. Risk Management will work as a liaison between the injured employee, health care provider, and employing department. The supervisor and/or department head is responsible for clearly identifying the essential functions and non-essential functions of the employee’s job.  If the employee is unable to perform the essential functions of his or her regular job, a temporary assignment position description may be developed and presented to the employee on the Bona Fide Offer of Employment. If the employee rejects a Temporary Assignment Bona Fide Offer of Employment, without medical justification, the employee’s workers' compensation benefits may be terminated.  If an employee who is not covered under FMLA rejects the offer, he/she may be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination. Failure to respond to the offer by the deadline will be considered a rejection of the offer. Contact Us: Risk Management Services 700 North Texas Blvd Denton, Texas 76203 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: (940) 565-2109 http://riskmanagement.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. jonathan.dowd@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 21, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 