 facilities   about About Us Facilities facilities   about About Us Facilities facilities   about About Us Facilities facilities   about About Us Facilities facilities   about About Us Facilities facilities   about About Us Facilities facilities   about About Us Facilities facilities   about About Us Facilities facilities   about About Us Facilities facilities   about About Us Facilities  About Us | Facilities Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Facilities Home Learn Contact Departments Resources HomeAbout Us Welcome to Facilities. The department is comprised of the following departments: the Office of Facilities Management and Construction, Facilities Maintenance and Facilities  Support & Services. Facilities is a service organization responsible for the planning, renovation, maintenance, and repair of university buildings and facilities; and the provision of utilities, vehicle rental, refuse collection, custodial and other services essential to the mission of the University of North Texas. There are over 165 facilities and 880 acres of landscape that encompass the properties the University. The department has close to 300 employees who are responsible for most of the services that are provided for the maintenance and daily operation of these facilities and for over 36,000 students who attend UNT. Our goal is to provide world class support for the University by ensuring safe, reliable, efficient facility and utility services delivered with outstanding customer services and effective stewardship of resources and the environment. To learn more about each area within Facilities visit the Departments page. Our Mission Our mission is to provide an excellent physical environment in support of instruction, research, and public service. By the term "provide", we mean our service delivery will be: Responsive and Sensitive to the customers' needs Proactive and Resourceful in identifying and solving problems Dependable, Cost Effective, and consistent with quality standards Professional in conduct and attitude Sensitive to environmental impact. An "excellent physical environment" is: Safe, Secure, and Accessible Clean, attractive, and well designed Efficiently and professionally maintained Sustainable with thoughtful use of resource.   Core Values "When values are sufficient, rules are unnecessary.When values are insufficient, rules are unenforceable." 1. Integrity We are honest in our speech and behavior.We accept responsibility for our actions.We keep our commitments.We consider or word as our oath. 2. Excellence We care about what we do and how we do it.We aim to exceed our customers' expectations.We manage our resources responsibly.We keep safety paramount in our work. 3. Professionalism We are professionals.We do the job correctly the first time.We provide the best value for our customers.We perform our tasks competently and efficiently. 4. Continuous Improvement We take initiative to improve our services, processes, and skills.We are open to receive evaluation and constructive feedback.We support personal and professional growth opportunities.We welcome creativity. 5. Relationships We treat all people with dignity, courtesy, and respect.We place our trust in each other.We are committed to team over individual success.We seek mutually beneficial outcomes from our decisions. 6. Environment We are committed to reducing our environmental impact.We believe that occupant health and productivity will be increased through sustainable design and maintenance. Construction Report The monthly Construction Obstruction Report shows you where and when to expect construction on campus. View the reports Quick Links What is Maintenance? Work Order Request Work Order Search Vehicle Rentals Project/Estimate Request Building Information Utilities Employee Training IS Helpdesk Building Rep List After Hours Building Rep List Staff Login Website Feedback Survey Contact Us: Facilities 2204 W. Prairie St. 1155 Union Circle #311040 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2700 http://facilities.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. AITS.WebSupport@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 7, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 