    content club The Club Hospitality Tourism Management    content club The Club Hospitality Tourism Management    content club The Club Hospitality Tourism Management    content club The Club Hospitality Tourism Management    content club The Club Hospitality Tourism Management    content club The Club Hospitality Tourism Management    content club The Club Hospitality Tourism Management    content club The Club Hospitality Tourism Management    content club The Club Hospitality Tourism Management    content club The Club Hospitality Tourism Management  The Club | Hospitality & Tourism Management Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home Undergraduate » Undergraduate About Undergraduate Program Hospitality Management BS Graduate » Graduate About Graduate Programs Hospitality Management MS International Sustainable Tourism MS Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates Interdisciplinary Information Science PhD Graduate Employment Application About Us » About Us About Department Faculty and Staff Student Resources » Student Resources Advising » Advising Undergraduate Advising Student Organizations Internship Requirements Student Career Opportunities Scholarship Upload ServSafe Manager Certificate Upload Pre-Major Work Experience Hours (100 Hours) Chicago Study Tour Future Students » Future Students International Students » International Students Pre-Hospitality & Tourism Management Program Speaker Series Paying for college Fact Book The Club » The Club About The Club Guest Chef Day Make a Reservation Menu INVEST Hospitality & Tourism Management MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Hospitality & Tourism Management Main menu Home UndergraduateAbout Undergraduate Program Hospitality Management BS GraduateAbout Graduate Programs Hospitality Management MS International Sustainable Tourism MS Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates Interdisciplinary Information Science PhD Graduate Employment Application About UsAbout Department Faculty and Staff Student ResourcesAdvisingUndergraduate Advising Student Organizations Internship Requirements Student Career Opportunities Scholarship Upload ServSafe Manager Certificate Upload Pre-Major Work Experience Hours (100 Hours) Chicago Study Tour Future StudentsInternational StudentsPre-Hospitality & Tourism Management Program Speaker Series Paying for college Fact Book The ClubAbout The Club Guest Chef Day Make a Reservation Menu INVEST Home Undergraduate Graduate The ClubGuest Chef Day Make a Reservation Menu About Us Faculty & Staff Invest The Club About the Club The Club at Gateway Center, is integral part of the educational experience for the Hospitality Management program. The restaurant is a showcase training laboratory for students enrolled in two restaurant operations courses. In these courses, students learn how to run a successful restaurant. They practice fine dining service techniques, management skills, menu planning, financial management, marketing techniques and food production. The original Club at College Inn successfully operated for 14 years. In the fall of 2001, the Hospitality Management Program relocated to the Club at Gateway Center and proudly showcases a new state-of-the-art facility. It is a premier learning environment for students, and a delightful experience for guests. Days of Operation For a limited time each semester, The Club opens to the public for lunch on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. Please visit the menu link to view the current season. Season Tickets A special discount of $1.00 off per meal to all season ticket holders. For $63.00 guests may buy a book of nine tickets which may be used in any combination and for any meal each season. Students are required to sell these tickets books as part of their marketing training each semester. If you would like to purchase a ticket book for the current or upcoming season, please e-mail us at GatewayClub@unt.edu, and a student will contact you when tickets are available. Seating Times Seating is available for lunch from 11:00 AM - 12:00 PM. Reservations are recommended and will be held for 15 minutes. Groups The Club is a great casual setting for your birthday or business luncheons and can easily accommodate large parties. Seating is limited. To ensure availability, we recommend you make reservations at least 1 week prior to your special day. Parking Free parking is available in Fouts Field across from Gateway Center for those dining at the club between 11:00 am and 1:30 pm. Price Lunch includes an appetizer, entree, dessert and beverage for $8.00 per person. We accept cash, checks and UNT IDOs. Survey The Club at Gateway Center, is an integral part of the educational experience for the Hospitality Management program. The restaurant is a showcase training laboratory for students enrolled in two restaurant operations courses.  In these courses, students learn how to run a successful restaurant. They practice fine dining service techniques, management skills, menu planning, financial management, marketing techniques and food production. The Club at Gateway Center proudly showcases a state-of-the-art facility. It is a premier learning environment for students, and a delightful experience for guests. We strive to provide our students with outstanding learning experiences and our Guests with great dining experiences. We would appreciate if you would take a few minutes and provide us with your objective feedback. Visit Us Chilton Hall Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism 1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 