 facilities   depts construction services Construction Services Facilities facilities   depts construction services Construction Services Facilities facilities   depts construction services Construction Services Facilities facilities   depts construction services Construction Services Facilities facilities   depts construction services Construction Services Facilities facilities   depts construction services Construction Services Facilities facilities   depts construction services Construction Services Facilities facilities   depts construction services Construction Services Facilities facilities   depts construction services Construction Services Facilities facilities   depts construction services Construction Services Facilities  Construction Services | Facilities Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Facilities Home Learn Contact Departments Resources Home » Departments » Facilities MaintenanceConstruction Services Department Info Email: Randy.Salsman@unt.eduPhone: 940-369-7381Parent Department: Facilities Maintenance Randy Salsman Construction Services Manager Lynda Hutson Project Scheduler Sharon Bercel-Kir... Roof / Inspections Brett Johnson Compliance Coordinator Construction Services is responsible for the University’s Maintenance, Deferred Maintenance and Capital projects. We help coordinate the construction, renovation and repair projects of outside contractors and our own construction shops. To ensure quality construction projects, we manage schedules, budgets, payments, and required testing and inspections. In addition, we oversee contractor performance for compliance with construction documents, the approved schedule, quality of workmanship, quality and quantity of materials, and construction industry standards. We also maintain files and records of construction projects. Construction Report The monthly Construction Obstruction Report shows you where and when to expect construction on campus. View the reports Quick Links What is Maintenance? Work Order Request Work Order Search Vehicle Rentals Project/Estimate Request Building Information Utilities Employee Training IS Helpdesk Building Rep List After Hours Building Rep List Staff Login Website Feedback Survey Contact Us: Facilities 2204 W. Prairie St. 1155 Union Circle #311040 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2700 http://facilities.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. AITS.WebSupport@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 7, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 