 facilities   depts moving Moving Services Facilities facilities   depts moving Moving Services Facilities facilities   depts moving Moving Services Facilities facilities   depts moving Moving Services Facilities facilities   depts moving Moving Services Facilities facilities   depts moving Moving Services Facilities facilities   depts moving Moving Services Facilities facilities   depts moving Moving Services Facilities facilities   depts moving Moving Services Facilities facilities   depts moving Moving Services Facilities  Moving Services | Facilities Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Facilities Home Learn Contact Departments Resources Home » Departments » Custodial ServicesMoving Services Department Info Email: Kirk.Lowe@unt.eduPhone: 940-369-7355Parent Department: Custodial Services Kirk Lowe Moving Services Supervisor The staff who work in this unit: Assist in the move of personnel between offices Set up tables and chairs for special events To request moving services or rental items, please put in a work order request and include the date, time, account, location and projected need (description, items and quantity of each item), and if requesting rental items, a date to return to pick-up the rented items. Please allow one week prior to the move or need for rental items to avoid scheduling difficulties. Moving Services will contact you to schedule a walk-through of the move or placement of rental items once your work request has been submitted. Tables, chairs, and trash recepticles are available for rent through Moving Services. Pricing is as follows: ItemRental Price Tables $3.00 Chairs $1.50 Trash Recepticles $3.00 ***Call to check for availability before placing a request*** 940-369-7355 Construction Report The monthly Construction Obstruction Report shows you where and when to expect construction on campus. View the reports Quick Links What is Maintenance? Work Order Request Work Order Search Vehicle Rentals Project/Estimate Request Building Information Utilities Employee Training IS Helpdesk Building Rep List After Hours Building Rep List Staff Login Website Feedback Survey Contact Us: Facilities 2204 W. Prairie St. 1155 Union Circle #311040 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2700 http://facilities.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. AITS.WebSupport@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 7, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 