 facilities   depts fpdc Planning Design Construction Facilities facilities   depts fpdc Planning Design Construction Facilities facilities   depts fpdc Planning Design Construction Facilities facilities   depts fpdc Planning Design Construction Facilities facilities   depts fpdc Planning Design Construction Facilities facilities   depts fpdc Planning Design Construction Facilities facilities   depts fpdc Planning Design Construction Facilities facilities   depts fpdc Planning Design Construction Facilities facilities   depts fpdc Planning Design Construction Facilities facilities   depts fpdc Planning Design Construction Facilities  Planning, Design & Construction | Facilities Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Facilities Home Learn Contact Departments Resources Home » Departments » AdministrationPlanning, Design & Construction Department Info Email: Helen.Bailey@unt.eduPhone: 940-565-4586Fax: 940-565-4650Hours: Mon-Thurs 7:30am to 5:00pm; Fri 7:30am to 2:30pmParent Department: Administration Helen Bailey Director, Facilities Planning and Design Construction Jessica Russell Administrative Coordinator The primary mission of the division of Facilities Planning, Design & Construction is to oversee and Record the planning, design and construction of physical improvements to facilities on the UNT Denton campus. FPDC is responsible for: Implementing renovation, remodeling or other types of construction improvements to campus buildings including research and dining halls, unless the dollar value of the project is of a size that requires UNT System management. Ensuring compliance with all applicable State & Federal statutes, laws, codes and standards related to State buildings and UNT guidelines and procedures, procurement and construction. Maintaining current records for all campus facilities including utility & infrastructure maps, surveys, site plans, floor plans, construction documents, & other building records. The division consists of seven departments: Campus Planning, Auxiliary Planning, Engineering, Estimating, Construction Inspection Geographic Information Systems (GIS), and Computer Aided Design Drafting (CADD). We are here to serve the campus as a planning resource for estimating, architectural, engineering and interior design, color and finish selections, furniture procurement, campus mapping, space analysis, and long-range planning.  Please click on an icon below to contact someone to assist you with the following: Campus Planning: Renovation and new construction projects, space analyses, and furniture procurement Auxiliary Planning: Renovation and new construction projects, space analyses, and furniture procurement for residence halls and dining halls Estimating: Order of magnitude pre-estimates and construction estimates Construction Inspection: Support of campus construction  GIS: Campus Maps (including building footprints, utility maps, parking lots, sidewalks, etc.) CADD: Plans and building records (including plan room archive documents) Engineering: Campus MEP renovations and planning FOR OUR CUSTOMERS... Some people might ask why design and construction can be a lengthy process. For more information regarding the University policies that address renovation projects, please click here. In addition to the University policies that address renovations, UNT is also required to adhere to the most current version of various building codes. See download section below to read the official letter from our authority having juristiction, UNT System Fire Marshal.  FOR OUR CONTRACTORS... All contractors performing work for the University are required to adhere to the University's guidelines and procedures. For the most current Guidelines and Contractor Policies, please visit our Downloads section below.Downloads AttachmentSize HEAF Projects Schedule Memo (PDF)81.52 KB FMC Projects Over $50k Memo (PDF)24.78 KB Project Estimate Charges (PDF)43.39 KB What to expect during a renovation project (PDF)88.51 KB General Construction Guidelines.pdf20.44 KB Contractor Work and Safety Policies.pdf119.23 KB UNTS Construction Codes -- Rev. 11.2016.pdf179.57 KB 031617-FPDC Current Org Chart.pdf113.43 KB Photos 1 2 3 4 next › last » See all Construction Report The monthly Construction Obstruction Report shows you where and when to expect construction on campus. View the reports In This Department Auxiliary Planning Facilities Estimator & Construction Inspector GIS CADD Campus Planning Quick Links What is Maintenance? Work Order Request Work Order Search Vehicle Rentals Project/Estimate Request Building Information Utilities Employee Training IS Helpdesk Building Rep List After Hours Building Rep List Staff Login Website Feedback Survey Contact Us: Facilities 2204 W. Prairie St. 1155 Union Circle #311040 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2700 http://facilities.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. AITS.WebSupport@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 7, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 