s admissions   tuition costs aid Tuition Costs Aid Admissions s admissions   tuition costs aid Tuition Costs Aid Admissions s admissions   tuition costs aid Tuition Costs Aid Admissions s admissions   tuition costs aid Tuition Costs Aid Admissions s admissions   tuition costs aid Tuition Costs Aid Admissions s admissions   tuition costs aid Tuition Costs Aid Admissions s admissions   tuition costs aid Tuition Costs Aid Admissions s admissions   tuition costs aid Tuition Costs Aid Admissions s admissions   tuition costs aid Tuition Costs Aid Admissions s admissions   tuition costs aid Tuition Costs Aid Admissions   Tuition, Costs & Aid | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us   Tuition, Costs & Aid Knowing what to expect is important when planning for college costs. Combining quality with value is important and we give you both. We've been named one of America's Best College Buys® for 21 consecutive years and offer lots of ways to afford your education. Join us and discover why UNT is one of the best investments you'll ever make. Average Total Cost of Attendance for the 2016-2017 Academic Year: Estimated Average Cost of Attendance = Tuition & Fees + Housing & Food + Books & Supplies + Transportation + Personal Costs Undergraduate Students The average annual cost of attendance for a Texas resident living on campus and enrolled in 15 hours per semester is $23,780. For out-of-state students, the average annual cost of attendance is $36,020. Graduate Students The average annual cost of attendance for a Texas resident living on campus and enrolled in 9 hours per semester is $20,352. For out-of-state students, the average annual cost of attendance is $27,696. International Students Estimated expenses for international students will be provided on their immigration documents by UNT International, which could vary from the above estimates, based upon immigration requirements. Some international students may qualify for in-state, resident tuition. Learn more about the costs at UNT Tuition and fees calculator Scholarship calculator Financial aid calculator Ways UNT can help you pay for college Although UNT makes every effort to keep costs low, many students still need help paying for college. The Student Financial Aid and Scholarships office annually awards $350 million in financial aid, including more than $45 million in scholarships. Scholarships $45 million awarded annually Merit and/or need based No repayment required Financial Aid $350 million awarded annually 75% of UNT students receive aid Student Employment UNT employs more than 3,500 student employees On and off-campus jobs available Grants Need based No repayment required Many federal, state, and institutional grants are available at UNT Loans $200 million awarded annually Learn more about loans UNT gives you tuition options to save you time and money... Eagle Express Tuition Plan The Eagle Express tuition Plan locks in your total academic costs and offers up to $4,000 in savings when you graduate in four years. Learn more about the Eagle Express Tuition Plan Traditional Tuition Plan If you don't choose the Eagle Express plan, you will be automatically enrolled in the Traditional Tuition Plan, which includes a set increase in tuition rate each year. Learn more about the Traditional Tuition Plan Oklahoma Tuition Plan Oklahoma residents seeking a bachelor's degree at UNT can now attend for about half the cost of out-of-state tuition. Learn more about UNT's Oklahoma Tuition Plan Installment Plan UNT offers the convenience and flexibility of paying for courses on an installment plan. You pay 10% of your tuition and fees by the payment deadline each semester, with three additional payments due the third of each month.* Learn more about UNT's Installment Plan * An installment plan is also available to pay for your on-campus housing. Residence hall payments can be broken into eight manageable monthly payments. Learn how to apply for scholarships and financial aid: FreshmanStudents TransferStudents InternationalStudents GraduateStudents Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 