 facilities   depts structural Structural Services Facilities facilities   depts structural Structural Services Facilities facilities   depts structural Structural Services Facilities facilities   depts structural Structural Services Facilities facilities   depts structural Structural Services Facilities facilities   depts structural Structural Services Facilities facilities   depts structural Structural Services Facilities facilities   depts structural Structural Services Facilities facilities   depts structural Structural Services Facilities facilities   depts structural Structural Services Facilities  Structural Services | Facilities Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Facilities Home Learn Contact Departments Resources Home » Departments » Facilities MaintenanceStructural Services Department Info Email: luke.taylor@unt.eduPhone: 940-369-7381Parent Department: Facilities Maintenance Ricky Carney Facilities Structural Manager John Green Sign Shop Technician The Structural Services department provides all structural maintenance, construction and remodeling projects, work order of most all types for the UNT campus and customers. Structural Service provides a very wide range of work and maintenance for the University which is basically divided into four departments. Structural Maintenance, Sign Shop, Door Systems and Construction Crew. NOTE: See Structural Maintenance for the following and many more that are not listed. Maintenance projects Carpentry Painting Flooring Concrete Roofs and Leaks Graffiti Removal Basic customer work orders and maintenance work orders Sidewalks and hand railing repair Classroom seating replacement and repair. NOTE: Please see Construction Crew department for all remodeling projects and space renovations NOTE: Please see Sign Shop Department for all Signage issues. All campus signage, consulting and estimating of signage and anything concerns campus signage. NOTE: Please see Door Systems Department for all Door Issues. Keys and issuing of keys, Cores, padlocks, Lock repair and replacement, card access, readers, repair and replacement of all door hardware. Construction Report The monthly Construction Obstruction Report shows you where and when to expect construction on campus. View the reports In This Department Structural Paint Shop Structural Sign Shop Structural Maintenance Structural Door Systems Quick Links What is Maintenance? Work Order Request Work Order Search Vehicle Rentals Project/Estimate Request Building Information Utilities Employee Training IS Helpdesk Building Rep List After Hours Building Rep List Staff Login Website Feedback Survey Contact Us: Facilities 2204 W. Prairie St. 1155 Union Circle #311040 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2700 http://facilities.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. AITS.WebSupport@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 7, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 