 facilities   depts workcontrol Work Control Facilities facilities   depts workcontrol Work Control Facilities facilities   depts workcontrol Work Control Facilities facilities   depts workcontrol Work Control Facilities facilities   depts workcontrol Work Control Facilities facilities   depts workcontrol Work Control Facilities facilities   depts workcontrol Work Control Facilities facilities   depts workcontrol Work Control Facilities facilities   depts workcontrol Work Control Facilities facilities   depts workcontrol Work Control Facilities  Work Control | Facilities Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Facilities Home Learn Contact Departments Resources Home » Departments » Support & ServicesWork Control Department Info Email: WorkControl@unt.eduPhone: 940-565-2700Fax: 940-565-2972Hours: 7:00am to 5:00pmParent Department: Support & Services Lydia Fleming Work Control Supervisor Gladys Figueroa Work Control Specialist This area is the principal contact and liaison between Facilities and campus customers who request everything from emergency repairs to minor maintenance. Work Control receives all trouble calls and dispatches Facilities personnel to remedy any problems reported. To request services or obtain information, contact us at the phone number above or by email at work.control@unt.edu. Work orders are then created and transferred to the appropriate work group for action. Direct all work status or billing questions to work control. Construction Report The monthly Construction Obstruction Report shows you where and when to expect construction on campus. View the reports Quick Links What is Maintenance? Work Order Request Work Order Search Vehicle Rentals Project/Estimate Request Building Information Utilities Employee Training IS Helpdesk Building Rep List After Hours Building Rep List Staff Login Website Feedback Survey Contact Us: Facilities 2204 W. Prairie St. 1155 Union Circle #311040 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2700 http://facilities.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. AITS.WebSupport@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 7, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 