 facilities   depts fpdc project estimate requests Project Estimate Requests Facilities facilities   depts fpdc project estimate requests Project Estimate Requests Facilities facilities   depts fpdc project estimate requests Project Estimate Requests Facilities facilities   depts fpdc project estimate requests Project Estimate Requests Facilities facilities   depts fpdc project estimate requests Project Estimate Requests Facilities facilities   depts fpdc project estimate requests Project Estimate Requests Facilities facilities   depts fpdc project estimate requests Project Estimate Requests Facilities facilities   depts fpdc project estimate requests Project Estimate Requests Facilities facilities   depts fpdc project estimate requests Project Estimate Requests Facilities facilities   depts fpdc project estimate requests Project Estimate Requests Facilities  Project & Estimate Requests | Facilities Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Facilities Home Learn Contact Departments Resources HomeProject & Estimate Requests If you already have funding identified for your project request, please fill out a Project Initiation Worksheet (PIW), available in the attachments section below.  Even if all you need is a consultation or estimate, simply return as noted on the form. PIW Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ). If you are seeking information regarding estimation of how much funding to seek (via grant application, HEAF request, etc.), please see the Facilities Estimation & Construction Inspector section for further details about a Preliminary Request for Estimate (PRE). AttachmentSize PRE_02.20.17.pdf169.19 KB PIW_03.30.17.pdf307.43 KB Researcher Checklist REV4.pdf301.33 KB Short Researcher Checklist REV4.pdf155.46 KB Construction Report The monthly Construction Obstruction Report shows you where and when to expect construction on campus. View the reports Quick Links What is Maintenance? Work Order Request Work Order Search Vehicle Rentals Project/Estimate Request Building Information Utilities Employee Training IS Helpdesk Building Rep List After Hours Building Rep List Staff Login Website Feedback Survey Contact Us: Facilities 2204 W. Prairie St. 1155 Union Circle #311040 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2700 http://facilities.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. AITS.WebSupport@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 7, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 