 facilities   depts training Safety Training Facilities facilities   depts training Safety Training Facilities facilities   depts training Safety Training Facilities facilities   depts training Safety Training Facilities facilities   depts training Safety Training Facilities facilities   depts training Safety Training Facilities facilities   depts training Safety Training Facilities facilities   depts training Safety Training Facilities facilities   depts training Safety Training Facilities facilities   depts training Safety Training Facilities  Safety & Training | Facilities Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Facilities Home Learn Contact Departments Resources Home » Departments » AdministrationSafety & Training Department Info Email: rod.moran@unt.eduPhone: 940-369-7335Parent Department: Administration Rod Moran Facilities Services Manager INTRODUCTION The Facilities Safety & Training Department’s main objective is to have a safety program for employees, based on clearly stated goals or objectives that promote safe and healthful working conditions. The program is intended to provide managers, supervisors, and employees with a clear and firm understanding of the State's and the University's concern for protecting employees from job-related injuries and illnesses; preventing accidents and fires; planning for emergencies and emergency medical procedures; identifying and controlling physical, chemical, and biological hazards in the workplace; communicating potential hazards to employees; and maintaining a sanitary environment. RESPONSIBILITY The University of North Texas Facilities Safety & Training department is primarily responsible for environment, health and safety functions that affect the Facilities employees. It is also committed to providing a safe and healthful environment for all persons associated with the University, including faculty, staff, students, visitors, and members of the community. The department develops Environmental, Health & Safety programs and performs various periodic inspections, as well as safety education and training as the primary means of achieving this goal. SAFETY PROGRAM An effective safety program is designed around the work processes or tasks normally assigned to employees and it integrates safety and health related decisions and precautions into them. A good safety program is a success when everyone is in full support and takes responsibility to making it better. With a consistent culture created and nourished by everyone within all departments, the welfare of the University of North Texas is sure to evolve and flourish. Employers must have an overall safety program including relative site specific safety information where applicable. The safety training program should cover topics such as: accident prevention and safety promotion safety compliance accident and emergency response personal protective equipment safety practices equipment and machinery chemical and hazardous materials safety workplace hazards employee involvement TRAINING PROGRAM Employee involvement in the Facilities safety and health program can only be successful when everyone receives sufficient training to understand what their safety and health responsibilities and opportunities are and how to fulfill them. Therefore, training is a high priority to ensure a safe and healthy workplace. Each year, the UNT Facilities Safety & Training Department pays special attention to the evaluation of the year’s training efforts to look for methods of improvement. BENEFITS OF A TRAINING PROGRAM An effective training program can reduce the number of injuries and deaths, property damage, legal liability, illnesses, workers' compensation claims, and missed time from work. A safety training program can also help a trainer keep the required OSHA-mandated safety training courses organized and up-to-date. Safety training classes help establish a safety culture in which employees themselves help promote proper safety procedures while on the job. It is important that each employee be properly trained and embraces the importance of workplace safety. This can be accomplished with the establishment of new, hands-on, innovative effective safety training which will ultimately lead to an effective safety culture. A 1998 National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) study concluded that the role of training in developing and maintaining effective hazard control activities is a proven and successful method of intervention. FACILITIES VAN DRIVER TRAINING A Facilities Van Driver Training course is required for all drivers of state-owned (University of North Texas) cargo or cargo-passenger vans. Vans that are covered by this requirement have a wheelbase of greater than 130". Minivans, Van-Gos, truck-style delivery vans and cargo vans with a wheelbase of equal or less than 130" are not covered by the training requirement. Drivers must complete and pass the course before operating a covered vehicle. Training sessions are held every 1st and 3rd Thursday of every month at 9 AM. INFORMATION TO REVIEW PRIOR TO PARTICIPATION The following information is important to know prior to attending a Facilities Van Driver Training course. • Exemption to the training requirement may be given to a driver with experience, licensing or prior training. The Facilities Safety & Training Coordinator will evaluate and determine if an exemption will be granted. • The University does not allow volunteer (non-employed) drivers to operate state vehicles. This can be verified with Risk Management Services at (940) 565-2109. • A Driver Request form must be completed and returned to Risk Management Services 3 days prior to attending the Van Driver Training Course. A Driver Request form may be downloaded at the following location: https://rms.unt.edu/drivers.php. Complete and deliver the form to RMS located at 700 North Texas Blvd, or faxed to (940) 565-4919. Attendees will not be allowed to perform the driving portion of the training without one. •Beginning September 1st 2012, the fee will be increased to $25 per person. Contact the Facilities Safety & Training Coordinator via email at van.training@unt.edu for possible discount or group rates. • Prior to attending a class, a Van Driver Training Registration form must be completed and sent to the Facilities Safety & Training Coordinator via email at van.training@unt.edu. FOR VAN DRIVER REQUEST FORM  CLICK HERE TO INQUIRE ABOUT VAN DRIVER TRAINING CONTACT ROD.MORAN@UNT.EDU                            Downloads AttachmentSize Van Training Exemption.pdf155.17 KB Van Driver Training Information (PDF)225.56 KB Van Driver Training Registration Form.pdf603.55 KB UNT Driver Requirements and Request Form (PDF)141.26 KB Photos See all Construction Report The monthly Construction Obstruction Report shows you where and when to expect construction on campus. View the reports Quick Links What is Maintenance? Work Order Request Work Order Search Vehicle Rentals Project/Estimate Request Building Information Utilities Employee Training IS Helpdesk Building Rep List After Hours Building Rep List Staff Login Website Feedback Survey Contact Us: Facilities 2204 W. Prairie St. 1155 Union Circle #311040 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2700 http://facilities.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. AITS.WebSupport@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 7, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 