 facilities   depts is Information Systems Facilities facilities   depts is Information Systems Facilities facilities   depts is Information Systems Facilities facilities   depts is Information Systems Facilities facilities   depts is Information Systems Facilities facilities   depts is Information Systems Facilities facilities   depts is Information Systems Facilities facilities   depts is Information Systems Facilities facilities   depts is Information Systems Facilities facilities   depts is Information Systems Facilities  Information Systems | Facilities Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Facilities Home Learn Contact Departments Resources Home » Departments » Support & ServicesInformation Systems Department Info Email: Facilities.Helpdesk@unt.eduPhone: 940-369-8756Parent Department: Support & Services Ginger Boone IT Manager Alan Garrison IT Specialist IV Reyden Harris Student Assistant - Regular Bradford Love Student Assistant - Regular Information Systems supports the workstations, servers, applications, and databases used by Facilities employees and operations. They presently support over 200 workstations at various locations on campus, 25 servers and over 50 software applications. They ensure Facilities computers and peripherals conform to campus standards. Information Systems maintains multiple enterprise client/server applications to support Facilities operations. Supported Areas UNT Facilities & Construction Risk Management Services On-Site/Remote Support: Call us at (940) 369-8756 Walk-In Support: Visit our helpdesk in person (PPBS suite 125) for assistance Construction Report The monthly Construction Obstruction Report shows you where and when to expect construction on campus. View the reports IS Links IS Helpdesk Home Training & Resources FormsNew User Form Account Termination Form Software Support Quick Links What is Maintenance? Work Order Request Work Order Search Vehicle Rentals Project/Estimate Request Building Information Utilities Employee Training IS Helpdesk Building Rep List After Hours Building Rep List Staff Login Website Feedback Survey Contact Us: Facilities 2204 W. Prairie St. 1155 Union Circle #311040 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2700 http://facilities.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. AITS.WebSupport@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 7, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 