 studentaffairs   student health and wellness center guides patient rights and responsibilities Patient Rights and Responsibilities Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center guides patient rights and responsibilities Patient Rights and Responsibilities Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center guides patient rights and responsibilities Patient Rights and Responsibilities Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center guides patient rights and responsibilities Patient Rights and Responsibilities Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center guides patient rights and responsibilities Patient Rights and Responsibilities Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center guides patient rights and responsibilities Patient Rights and Responsibilities Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center guides patient rights and responsibilities Patient Rights and Responsibilities Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center guides patient rights and responsibilities Patient Rights and Responsibilities Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center guides patient rights and responsibilities Patient Rights and Responsibilities Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center guides patient rights and responsibilities Patient Rights and Responsibilities Division of Student Affairs  Patient Rights and Responsibilities | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Health and Wellness Center » Home About Us » About Us Hours Location & Parking Staff Appointments Services » Services Primary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education Administrative » Administrative Billing and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Health and Wellness Center Home About UsHours Location & Parking Staff Appointments ServicesPrimary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education AdministrativeBilling and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Patient Rights and Responsibilities As a patient of the UNT Student Health and Wellness Center, you have choices, rights and responsibilities. You have the RIGHT:  To be treated with dignity and respect. To know the names and professional status of people serving you. To privacy and to receive a copy of the Notice of Privacy Practice (NPP) reflecting clinic privacy policy. To confidentiality of your records. To receive information about your health related concerns. To know the effectiveness and/or possible adverse effects of treatment and any available alternatives. To prompt medical attention with priority given to urgent care. To participate in choosing a form of treatment. To receive education and counseling. To consent to, or refuse, any care or treatment. To select your health care provider. To review your medical records with a clinician and/or request a copy of your records. To information about services and related costs. To health care, regardless of your age, race, gender, religion, disability, national origin or sexual orientation. You have the RESPONSIBILITY:  To seek medical attention for urgent medical conditions promptly. To be comprehensive about your medical history. To ask about your medical treatment if you do not understand. To follow health advice and medical instructions. To acknowledge, in writing, your decision to refuse recommended treatments. To report any significant changes in symptoms or failure to improve. To respect clinic policies, personnel and other patients. To turn off pagers, cell phones and other electronic media devices while in the clinic. To keep appointments or cancel/reschedule appointment with advance notice. To call in advance for non-urgent, routine exams. To provide useful and pertinent feedback about services and policies. To pay, promptly, any bills you have incurred at the time of service or make suitable financial arrangements.   Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 