 studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services walk in std testing Walk In STD Testing Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services walk in std testing Walk In STD Testing Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services walk in std testing Walk In STD Testing Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services walk in std testing Walk In STD Testing Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services walk in std testing Walk In STD Testing Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services walk in std testing Walk In STD Testing Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services walk in std testing Walk In STD Testing Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services walk in std testing Walk In STD Testing Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services walk in std testing Walk In STD Testing Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services walk in std testing Walk In STD Testing Division of Student Affairs  Walk-In STD Testing | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Health and Wellness Center » Home About Us » About Us Hours Location & Parking Staff Appointments Services » Services Primary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education Administrative » Administrative Billing and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Health and Wellness Center Home About UsHours Location & Parking Staff Appointments ServicesPrimary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education AdministrativeBilling and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Walk-In STD Testing 940-565-2333 The Student Health and Wellness Center is happy to announce that we are now providing walk-in testing services for sexually transmitted diseases (STDs).  The walk-in testing option is for the standard STD testing package which includes urine tests for Chlamydia & gonorrhea and blood tests for HIV & syphilis.  This testing will be at the regular STD package price of $68, due at the time of service, and is available at the Student Health and Wellness Center without an appointment. Who can use the walk-in testing services? Students can use the walk-in STD testing services if they: Are not currently experiencing symptoms of an STD Have not been informed that a sexual partner has tested positive for an STD Are wanting all 4 tests in the STD package (Chlamydia, gonorrhea, HIV, and syphilis) Are not wanting to consult with a medical provider for a more thorough discussion, exam and/or treatment for possible STD infection How much will the walk-in STD testing service cost? The walk-in STD testing services will cost the same as the STD testing package ordered by a provider, which is currently $68 and is due at the time of service.  Please note, prices are subject to change without notice, so call 940-369-8543 or stop by the Student Health and Wellness Center on the 2nd floor of Chestnut Hall to verify current pricing. What should I do to prepare for walk-in STD testing? Since blood and urine samples will be taken for testing, we recommend you have a well-balanced meal and drink plenty of fluids before coming in for testing.  You will also want to bring your student ID card to use the self check-in station and cash, check or credit/debit card to pay for testing. Where on campus is walk-in STD testing services available? Currently, walk-in STD testing services are only available in the Student Health and Wellness Center on the 2nd floor of Chestnut Hall. How will I get my test results for the walk-in STD testing service? The Student Health and Wellness Center will only contact patients with positive or abnormal results.  We will not contact patients with negative results.  You can pick up results in person at the Student Health and Wellness Center on the 2nd floor of Chestnut Hall or call 940-565-3541 to get verbal confirmation of your test results, if desired. We will attempt to call patients with positive or abnormal test results. Please make sure the voice mail is set up on the phone number you provide at check-in. If we are unable to reach you by phone to discuss your positive or abnormal test results, we will have to send a certified letter to the current mailing address on file with the University, which may be your parents’ address. Should I use the walk-in STD testing service if I have symptoms of an STD or if I have been informed that my recent partner has an STD? Patients who are experiencing current symptoms or who have been notified that a recent partner has an STD are strongly encouraged to make an appointment with a medical provider for a more thorough discussion, exam and/or treatment of your specific situation.  To schedule an appointment call 940-565-2333, go online to www.myOSH.unt.edu, or stop by the Student Health and Wellness Center on the 2nd floor of Chestnut Hall. Can I use walk-in testing for herpes or other STDs not included in the standard package? Or can I request only part of the standard STD testing package? No, walk-in STD testing services are currently only for the standard STD testing package, which includes Chlamydia, gonorrhea, HIV, and syphilis.  Patients wanting only some of the tests or testing for other STDs not included in the standard package, such as herpes, should make an appointment with a medical provider to discuss their situation and determine what testing is recommended for you. At what point after possible exposure should I get STD testing? Depending on when you were possibly exposed to an STD, it might be too early for an infection to be detected.  If you have questions about whether or not you should be tested at this time, please schedule an appointment with a medical provider to discuss your specific situation in more detail.  To schedule an appointment call 940-565-2333, go online to www.myOSH.unt.edu, or stop by the Student Health and Wellness Center on the 2nd floor of Chestnut Hall. Why can I only get the standard STD package? Why can’t I get tested for all STD’s? Certain STDs, like herpes, can be tested for in different ways and some tests results are difficult to interpret without additional information from a patient.  For these tests it is important for a patient to discuss with a provider their specific situation to best determine what tests to perform and to have the provider able to interpret those results properly for the patient. Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 