 studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services mens health Men s Health Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services mens health Men s Health Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services mens health Men s Health Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services mens health Men s Health Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services mens health Men s Health Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services mens health Men s Health Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services mens health Men s Health Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services mens health Men s Health Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services mens health Men s Health Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center services mens health Men s Health Division of Student Affairs  Men's Health | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Health and Wellness Center » Home About Us » About Us Hours Location & Parking Staff Appointments Services » Services Primary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education Administrative » Administrative Billing and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Health and Wellness Center Home About UsHours Location & Parking Staff Appointments ServicesPrimary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education AdministrativeBilling and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Men's Health Statistically men do not seek health services as often as women, although most men’s health risks are preventable and treatable. The following are important health examinations and screenings for men and the recommended schedules of when they should be done: Skin screening - Self check monthly for changing moles, freckles, for early skin cancer. Testicular self exam - This should be done every month. Blood pressure - Every year unless otherwise indicated by provider. STD screening - Men who are sexually active; should be checked for Syphilis, Chlamydia, rapid plasma reagin (RPR), and HIV every year, unless otherwise indicated by provider. Physical exam - Every 3 years, unless indicated by provider. Cholesterol screening - Every 5 years or as otherwise indicated by provider. Tetanus (Td) Booster - Every 10 years; unless otherwise indicated by provider. HPV (Gardasil) Vaccine - Recommended for 26 and younger; prevents 4 common HPV types; 2 that cause most genital warts and 2 that cause cancer. It protects against new HPV infections, it is not a cure for existing HPV infections or disease.  The vaccine is available at the SHWC and is a series of 3 injections. It is most effective when the second dose is given a month after the first dose and the third dose six months after the second dose. Male STI Package (Cost $68) This test package includes testing for chlamydia, gonorrhea, HIV, and syphilis. Students without symptom can walk-in for this testing package. If a patient is experiencing symptoms of an STI, they are encouraged to make an appointment with a provider to determine the best testing options.   Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 