 studentaffairs   student health and wellness center resources what is west nile virus and how do i prevent it What is West Nile Virus and how do I prevent it Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center resources what is west nile virus and how do i prevent it What is West Nile Virus and how do I prevent it Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center resources what is west nile virus and how do i prevent it What is West Nile Virus and how do I prevent it Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center resources what is west nile virus and how do i prevent it What is West Nile Virus and how do I prevent it Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center resources what is west nile virus and how do i prevent it What is West Nile Virus and how do I prevent it Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center resources what is west nile virus and how do i prevent it What is West Nile Virus and how do I prevent it Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center resources what is west nile virus and how do i prevent it What is West Nile Virus and how do I prevent it Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center resources what is west nile virus and how do i prevent it What is West Nile Virus and how do I prevent it Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center resources what is west nile virus and how do i prevent it What is West Nile Virus and how do I prevent it Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student health and wellness center resources what is west nile virus and how do i prevent it What is West Nile Virus and how do I prevent it Division of Student Affairs  What is West Nile Virus and how do I prevent it? | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Health and Wellness Center » Home About Us » About Us Hours Location & Parking Staff Appointments Services » Services Primary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education Administrative » Administrative Billing and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Health and Wellness Center Home About UsHours Location & Parking Staff Appointments ServicesPrimary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education AdministrativeBilling and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home What is West Nile Virus and how do I prevent it? Wed, 08/03/2016 - 16:17 | Written for: Student Health and Wellness Center Share This In order to inform our students about this virus, we are providing information from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention website. What is the West Nile Virus? West Nile virus (WNV) is potentially serious illness. It is spread by the bite of infected mosquitoes. However, the West Nile virus is not spread through casual contact such as touching or kissing a person with the virus. What are the Symptoms? Around 80% of people who are infected with WNV will not show any symptoms at all. 20 % of the people will have more of a mild symptom. These symptoms will last for as short as a few days. The symptoms will include: High fever Headache Body aches Nausea Vomiting Sometimes swollen lymph glands Skin rash on chest, stomach and back One in 150 people that are infected with this virus will develop severe illness. This illness may include: Neck Stiffness Stupor Disorientation Coma Tremors Convulsions Muscle weakness Vision loss Numbness and Paralysis Treatment: There is no treatment for WNV infection. With the symptoms, such as fever and aches, they pass on their own, although illness may last weeks to months. In more severe cases, people need to go to the hospital where they can receive supportive treatment including intravenous fluids, help with breathing, and nursing care. How to Prevent the West Nile Virus?  Use the “Four Ds” Dress - Reduce skin exposure by wearing long pants, long sleeves, etc. Dusk and Dawn - Close doors and windows and ensure that screens fit tightly. Mosquitoes are out more during this time. DEET - Use insect repellent that contains DEET. For more information check out the CDC guidance on insect repellants. Drain - Eliminate standing water around your house or apartment, regardless of how small the amount (e.g. flower pots, cans, tires, tarps or any impervious material that catches and holds water, etc.). Mosquitoes lay their eggs in standing water. Additional Information:  Track West Nile Virus in Denton County Texas Department of State Health Services: West Nile Virus in Texas West Nile Virus Precautions Video   Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 