 gallery   Home  Galleries gallery   Home  Galleries gallery   Home  Galleries gallery   Home  Galleries gallery   Home  Galleries gallery   Home  Galleries gallery   Home  Galleries gallery   Home  Galleries gallery   Home  Galleries gallery   Home  Galleries  Home | UNT Galleries Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Visit Current Exhibitions Art in Public Places Saturday Series Research & Community Connect Search form Search UNT Galleries MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas UNT Galleries Main menu Home Visit Current Exhibitions Art in Public Places Saturday Series Research & Community Connect Rachel Cox SHINY GHOST UNT ArtSpace Dallas Feb 4-April 29 Photographs from the series Shiny Ghost by UNT Alumna and CVAD Visiting Faculty Rachel Cox See the exhibition UNT Art Gallery The UNT Art Gallery in the Art Building is closed for construction of a new wing of the CVAD Building. Enjoy our exhibitions at UNT ArtSpace Dallas. See our Events Calendar below. Follow us for updates on our FaceBook page.   57th Annual Voertman Competition April 1-15 Lightwell Gallery Juried by Cindi Strauss, The Museum of Fine Arts, Houston Sponsored by Voertman's See the exhibition Art in Public Places David IlesNative Texas Wildlife Series, 1998 Elm Fork Education Center Learn more about the Art in Public Places Program, including the UNT Art Path and the UNT Artist Registry. Tour Art in Public Places Rachel Cox SHINY GHOST UNT ArtSpace Dallas Feb 4-April 29 Photographs from the series Shiny Ghost by UNT Alumna and CVAD Visiting Faculty Rachel Cox See the exhibition UNT Art Gallery The UNT Art Gallery in the Art Building is closed for construction of a new wing of the CVAD Building. Enjoy our exhibitions at UNT ArtSpace Dallas. See our Events Calendar below. Follow us for updates on our FaceBook page.   57th Annual Voertman Competition April 1-15 Lightwell Gallery Juried by Cindi Strauss, The Museum of Fine Arts, Houston Sponsored by Voertman's See the exhibition Art in Public Places David IlesNative Texas Wildlife Series, 1998 Elm Fork Education Center Learn more about the Art in Public Places Program, including the UNT Art Path and the UNT Artist Registry. Tour Art in Public Places Home Welcome The University of North Texas Art Galleries support the educational mission of the university, enrich the aesthetic environment and serve as a cultural resource for the public at large. With a focus on curatorial projects involving contemporary art, the Galleries inspire and empower student and community audiences through the viewing experience, foster students’ confidence in the public display of their artworks, and present and promote the artist’s voice. UNT Art Gallery UNT ArtSpace Dallas Cora Stafford Gallery Lightwell Gallery Events & Programs See more events... Art in Public Places Art in Public Places celebrates the acquisition and display of artworks on the UNT Denton campus as early as 1935. Art in Public Places includes a Percent for Art program, with our newest acquisitions by Norie Sato and Murielle White in the new UNT Student Union.     Art in Public Places Connections The UNT Art Galleries serve not only UNT students, faculty and staff, but also our local and regional communities as well as our national academic and museum colleagues. Our Saturday Series offers weekend family fun led by CVAD student art educators and a local guest artist. The UNT Artist-in-Residence program brings to Denton internationally renowned artists, who share their visions, talents, and experience in public lectures and programs. Our collaborations with CVAD faculty provide insightful experiences with the history and culture of art. We invite you to connect with us! Nasher Lecture Series Saturday Series UNT Artist in Residence Faculty Collaborations Publications Visit Us Art Building 1201 W. Mulberry St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas ATTN: UNT Art Gallery 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us 940-565-4005 gallery@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 