 studentaffairs   university union University Union Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union University Union Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union University Union Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union University Union Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union University Union Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union University Union Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union University Union Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union University Union Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union University Union Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union University Union Division of Student Affairs  University Union | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home University Union » Home About Us » About Us Staff Union Board of Directors University History House Guidelines Marketing at the Union Union Pavers Things to Do » Things to Do University Program Council (UPC) Fine Arts Series Union Fest Perks Ticket Sales Union Art Gallery Jazz Music in the Union Plan an Event » Plan an Event Student Organization General Public Department Retail & Dining » Retail & Dining Retail Dining Barnes and Noble at UNT Wells Fargo Design Works The Mainframe Eagle Images ATMs Eagle Post Visit » Visit Maps & Directions Tours Parking In the Union Accessibility Loading Dock Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs University Union Home About UsStaff Union Board of Directors University History House Guidelines Marketing at the Union Union Pavers Things to DoUniversity Program Council (UPC) Fine Arts Series Union Fest Perks Ticket Sales Jazz Music in the Union Union Art Gallery Plan an EventDepartment General Public Student Organization Retail & DiningRetail Dining Barnes and Noble at UNT Wells Fargo Design Works The Mainframe Eagle Images ATMs Eagle Post VisitMaps & Directions Accessibility In the Union Loading Dock Parking Tours Contact DSA Home University Union Our Mission The University Union provides quality programs, services and facilities that enhance the educational experience and create community for students, faculty, staff, alumni, and guests. Planning an Event? Want to host an event in the Union? Click here to get started!   Interested in Digital Signage? For information on our Interactive Media Network, click here.   Emergencies and House Guidelines Dial 911 if you need immediate assistance in an emergency. For information on the emergency procedures for the University Union, please refer to the Union Emergency Procedures (pdf). For house guidelines, click here to review the new University Union policies.   Featured Video Programs Union Fest Every Spring, we celebrate Union Fest: a day packed full of freebies, fun activities, and food. It's a... By: University Union Union Pavers Show pride in your UNT years. Commemorate friends. Remember loved ones. Congratulate new graduates. By: University Union Perks Exclusive students discounts for local businesses and area attractions. By: University Union Organizations University Program Council Connect with Us union@unt.edu (940) 565-3805 Physical Address1155 Union Cir Tweets Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 