  cob   logisticscenter community breakfast scholarshipbreakfast  Center for Logistics Education and Research College of Business   cob   logisticscenter community breakfast scholarshipbreakfast  Center for Logistics Education and Research College of Business   cob   logisticscenter community breakfast scholarshipbreakfast  Center for Logistics Education and Research College of Business   cob   logisticscenter community breakfast scholarshipbreakfast  Center for Logistics Education and Research College of Business   cob   logisticscenter community breakfast scholarshipbreakfast  Center for Logistics Education and Research College of Business   cob   logisticscenter community breakfast scholarshipbreakfast  Center for Logistics Education and Research College of Business   cob   logisticscenter community breakfast scholarshipbreakfast  Center for Logistics Education and Research College of Business   cob   logisticscenter community breakfast scholarshipbreakfast  Center for Logistics Education and Research College of Business   cob   logisticscenter community breakfast scholarshipbreakfast  Center for Logistics Education and Research College of Business   cob   logisticscenter community breakfast scholarshipbreakfast  Center for Logistics Education and Research College of Business   Center for Logistics Education and Research « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard Logistics Center UNT Departments Home About Us Director's Welcome Mission - Values History Fast Facts Faculty & Staff Board of Directors Students Future Students Undergraduate Program MBA Program Doctoral Program Courses in Logistics and Aviation Admissions Fast Facts Student Job Placement Student Testimonials Alumni Testimonials Current Students Scholarship Information Student Organizations Onboarding Program Student Competitions Logistics Executive Lecture Series AST & L Certifications International Experience Industry Days and Career Fairs Placements Graduating Student Survey Internships Community Quarterly Breakfast Seminar About the Event Register Online Sponsors Scholarship Breakfast Executive Education Certificate Programs Open Enrollment On-Site Industry Student Recruitment Sponsorship Opportunities Classroom Partnerships Student, Alumni & Industry Testimonials Corporate Partners Hiring Our Students Board of Directors Research Complex Logistics Systems Research Cluster Ongoing Faculty Research / Focus Areas Grants Sponsored Research News Room Press Releases Logistics in the News Multimedia Subject Matter Experts Invest Enhance the Learning Experience Sponsorship Opportunities Classroom Partnerships Student Competitions Testimonials Surveys and Reports In This Site About the Events Spring 2017 Event Details Sponsors Past Speakers Past Panelists Past Sponsors Logistics Transportation Breakfast Let's knock this year's Annual Transportation Breakfast out of the park! This is the last year the Byron Nelson Golf Tournament will be held in Las Colinas. Help us meet and exceed Bill Lamothe's $50,000 challenge! Mr. Bill LaMothe (PGL Chairman), a founding UNT Logistics board member, Transportation Breakfast event sponsor, and Byron Nelson Open House host, has issued a donation challenge to the UNT Logistics community. Mr. Lamothe has graciously offered to match all donations received up to $50,000.00. Please join us in making this year's event extra special with your donation to the UNT Logistics Program and Research Center. Register or Donate Now! Please join us for our 5th Annual Logistics Transportation Breakfast! Date: Friday, May 19, 2017 Location: Big Brothers Big Sisters, 450 E John Carpenter Frwy, Irving, TX 75062 Breakfast & Silent Auction: 7:30-8:30am Program: 8:30-11:00am Bill LaMothe/PGL Byron Nelson Championship Open House to follow Opening Speaker Chuck Cooperstein, Dallas Mavericks Radio Play-by-Play Chuck Cooperstein is in his 13th season as the radio play-by-play voice of the Mavericks on ESPN 103.3 FM. Cooperstein has been a regular on the Dallas/Fort Worth sports scene since 1984 and has been an anchor on ESPN 103.3 FM since the station's inception in 2001. In addition to his Mavericks duties, in the off season he also is one of the co-hosts of 103.3 ESPN Game Night between 7-9 PM. Cooperstein's extensive sports broadcasting background includes play-by-play stints with TCU and the University of Texas football, as well as TCU, Texas A&M; and SMU basketball. With Westwood One, he has broadcast NCAA Basketball since 1991, college football since 1995, and NFL since 2012. In addition, he has received a Katie Award for his play-by-play expertise from the Dallas Press Club. The New York City native has a bachelor of science in broadcasting from the University of Florida. He and his wife, Karen, were married in August 2010. They have one son, Jeffrey, who is 21 years old and attending North Texas. Keynote Speaker John Sharp Group President TFD Group John Sharp currently serves as a Group President for TFD Group Companies. He is an accomplished career aviation engineer and logistician. Mr. Sharp is a retired Royal Air Force (RAF) Wing Commander. Topic Assuring the Integrity of Products in Transit: Integrated Solutions Available Today There is nothing new in using active sensors to detect and send alarms when out of limits conditions are experienced by goods in transit. What is new is the ability to interpret the data collected to determine and report the cumulative effect of such events on the integrity of the products. Mr. Sharp's presentation will describe the integration of hardware and software technologies available today that can deliver this service to cargo handling for everything from vaccines to electronics to food products.   If you are unable to attend this year but would still like to support our program please follow the registration link. Register or Donate Now! Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: The Center for Logistics Education and Research University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311396 Denton, TX 76203-5017 940.369.8442 Julie.Willems-Espinoza@unt.edu This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 