 kuehneseries   about speaker charles gasparino Charles Gasparino  Kuehne Speaker Series kuehneseries   about speaker charles gasparino Charles Gasparino  Kuehne Speaker Series kuehneseries   about speaker charles gasparino Charles Gasparino  Kuehne Speaker Series kuehneseries   about speaker charles gasparino Charles Gasparino  Kuehne Speaker Series kuehneseries   about speaker charles gasparino Charles Gasparino  Kuehne Speaker Series kuehneseries   about speaker charles gasparino Charles Gasparino  Kuehne Speaker Series kuehneseries   about speaker charles gasparino Charles Gasparino  Kuehne Speaker Series kuehneseries   about speaker charles gasparino Charles Gasparino  Kuehne Speaker Series kuehneseries   about speaker charles gasparino Charles Gasparino  Kuehne Speaker Series kuehneseries   about speaker charles gasparino Charles Gasparino  Kuehne Speaker Series  Charles Gasparino | UNT Kuehne Speaker Series Skip to main content MyUNT Blackboard Find People at UNT View Maps of UNT Give to UNT Apply online UNT Kuehne Speaker Series HomeAbout the SpeakerRudy GiulianiCharles GasparinoAbout Ernie KuehneSeries Lifetime MembersBecome a SponsorPast Speakers Home About the Speaker Charles Gasparino Charles Gasparino Charles Gasparino Tuesday, May 9, 2017 Hilton Anatole Dallas - Imperial Ballroom12:00 p.m. Charles Gasparino is senior correspondent for FOX Business Network (FBN), an award-winning business journalist, and "New York Times" best-selling author. He joined FOX Business Network in February 2010. Gasparino provides on-air reporting throughout the business day for the network, covering the latest news from the financial world. Prior to joining FBN, he was an on-air editor for CNBC where he was responsible for breaking some of the biggest stories affecting the financial markets during the recent financial crisis, including the first reports of AIG's government bailout, details behind the collapse of Lehman Brothers and the shakeups at Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley. A sought-after speaker at financial institutions, business conferences, and universities, Gasparino shares his inside knowledge of Wall Street and the world of finance to tell audiences how we plummeted into a Great Recession, what's really going on with the economy, and what it means for the road ahead. Before joining CNBC, he was a senior writer at "Newsweek" magazine where he broke major stories involving Wall Street and corporate America, including developments at the New York Stock Exchange under Richard Grasso and former New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer's crackdown on corporate crime. Gasparino also served as a writer for the "Wall Street Journal" where he was nominated for the Pulitzer Prize in beat reporting in 2002 and won the New York Press Club award for best continuing coverage of the Wall Street research scandal. In 2003, he was nominated as part of a team of reporters for the paper's coverage of the New York Stock Exchange and the resignation of its former chairman Richard Grasso. A recipient of numerous business journalism awards, Gasparino is also the author of best-selling financial books including, "The Sellout" (Harper) and "Blood on the Street: The Sensational Inside Story of How Wall Street Analysts Duped a Generation of Investors" (Harper; "Barron's" best business books of 2005), as well as the critically acclaimed "King of the Club: Richard Grasso and the Survival of the New York Stock Exchange" (Harper; "Library Journal" best business books of 2007). "The Sellout" won the book category of the IRE Awards. The awards, given by Investigative Reporters and Editors Inc. since 1979, recognize the most outstanding watchdog journalism of the year. His latest book is "Bought and Paid For: The Unholy Alliance Between Barack Obama and Wall Street" (Sentinel). He has also served as a contributor to the "Daily Beast," "New York" magazine, and "Forbes," among other publications. Gasparino received a B.A. from Pace University and a Master's degree in journalism from the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri. He resides with his wife in New York City. Contact Us special.events@unt.edu Send Us Mail 1155 Union Circle #311250 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 University of North Texas Explore our degrees Take a tour Get financial aid Apply online Find a person Register for classes Follow UNT on social media Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Statement Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline Governors Committee on People with Disabilities Texas Veterans Portal UNT Home 