  cob   lab virtuallab  Virtual Lab Computing College of Business   cob   lab virtuallab  Virtual Lab Computing College of Business   cob   lab virtuallab  Virtual Lab Computing College of Business   cob   lab virtuallab  Virtual Lab Computing College of Business   cob   lab virtuallab  Virtual Lab Computing College of Business   cob   lab virtuallab  Virtual Lab Computing College of Business   cob   lab virtuallab  Virtual Lab Computing College of Business   cob   lab virtuallab  Virtual Lab Computing College of Business   cob   lab virtuallab  Virtual Lab Computing College of Business   cob   lab virtuallab  Virtual Lab Computing College of Business   Virtual Lab « Computing « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard UNT College of Business Departments Home College About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics Future Students Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Current Students Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast CoB People CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login INVEST How to Invest Give a Gift In This Site CILTC Home Lab Home About Our Labs VMware Virtual Lab Lab Policies Lab FAQs Lab Software Storage Information COB/Microsoft Licensing Agreement Lab Staff Lab Feedback Web Printing Lab Hours and Closings VMware Virtual Lab For Select Classes * Dr. Sidorova's 4610 class only. Access CoB Applications (via VMware Horizon View) Provide Virtual Lab feedback here... Remote access to College of Business applications is provided by our VMware Horizon View virtual desktop system. You can connect to different "pools" of virtual machines, based on your entitlements, from any internet connected computer after connecting to the VPN. Installation Instructions: Navigate to https://cob-view.coba.unt.edu to download and install the latest version of the VMware Horizon View client appropriate to your system. Windows users: Login as an administrator before installing. Run the downloaded .exe file to start the installarion. Follow the installation wizard to complete installation. When prompted to enter a connection server, enter https://cob-view.coba.unt.edu. Run the client. Mac OS X users: Open the downloaded disk image Follow the installation instructions, and when prompted, drag the VMware icon into your Applications folder Eject the disk image from Finder Run the client Disable Certificate Verification To run the client simply double-click the VMware View Client desktop icon (on Mac, in your Applications folder): To disable Certificate Verification on Mac Navigate to the VMware Horizon Client menu in the upper left hand of the screen, and click on “preferences” Navigate to the “Security” tab and select the check button that says “Do not verify server identity certificates”. Hit apply and then retry your connection Set the Connection server to https://cob-view.coba.unt.edu Log in, making sure you change the Domain to STUDENTS. You should then see a selection dialog similar to the following based on the class you are enrolled in: You can set the display settings by right-clicking on the pool. We suggest you change the display to Window if you plan to switch back to your home/local machine. Double-click the icon and the View Client will then open in a new window to the virtual machine. When finished with your session, simply close the View Client window and it will disconnect you from the desktop. Disclaimer: Do not use VMware for time sensitive or last minute projects. The Lab Desktop machines are not persistent. This means anything you store on them will be gone the next time you use a machine. Please use other sources of storage for your files. Connecting a USB storage device to VMware Make sure your USB device is plugged in. Click on Connect USB Device at the top of the VMware window. Select your USB device from the list. Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact the College of Business This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 