 studentaffairs   fine arts series Fine Arts Series Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   fine arts series Fine Arts Series Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   fine arts series Fine Arts Series Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   fine arts series Fine Arts Series Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   fine arts series Fine Arts Series Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   fine arts series Fine Arts Series Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   fine arts series Fine Arts Series Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   fine arts series Fine Arts Series Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   fine arts series Fine Arts Series Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   fine arts series Fine Arts Series Division of Student Affairs  Fine Arts Series | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home University Union » Home About Us » About Us Staff Union Board of Directors University History House Guidelines Marketing at the Union Union Pavers Things to Do » Things to Do University Program Council (UPC) Fine Arts Series Union Fest Perks Ticket Sales Union Art Gallery Jazz Music in the Union Plan an Event » Plan an Event Student Organization General Public Department Retail & Dining » Retail & Dining Retail Dining Barnes and Noble at UNT Wells Fargo Design Works The Mainframe Eagle Images ATMs Eagle Post Visit » Visit Maps & Directions Tours Parking In the Union Accessibility Loading Dock Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs University Union Home About UsStaff Union Board of Directors University History House Guidelines Marketing at the Union Union Pavers Things to DoUniversity Program Council (UPC) Fine Arts Series Union Fest Perks Ticket Sales Jazz Music in the Union Union Art Gallery Plan an EventDepartment General Public Student Organization Retail & DiningRetail Dining Barnes and Noble at UNT Wells Fargo Design Works The Mainframe Eagle Images ATMs Eagle Post VisitMaps & Directions Accessibility In the Union Loading Dock Parking Tours Contact DSA Home Fine Arts Series Katena Luminarium - Architects of Air APRIL 17 - 21 ; Daily from 1pm - 7pm UNT University Union South Lawn Admission is free for all guests Come visit the Katena Luminarium, an inflatable sculpture that offers visitors a sensory wonderland in which they can happily lose themselves- a dazzling maze of winding paths and soaring domes that meld into an inspiring monument to the beauty of color and light. Since 1992 more than 3 million visitors in over 40 countries across 5 continents have been welcomed into Architects of Air’s monumental luminaria, immersed in radiant color that comes simply from daylight shining through the luminarium’s fabric. From the Guggenheim in Spain to the Sydney Opera House in Australia, the luminaria designed by company founder Alan Parkinson are inspired by natural forms, geometric solids, Islamic and Gothic architecture. Each new creation is a maze of winding paths and inspiring domes where the visitors may lose themselves in sensory bliss.   KATENA is accessible to wheelchair users Guests may park hourly at $2/hour at the Highland Street Garage, 620 Central Ave, Denton TX, 76201 www.architects-of-air.com Facebook Event:  https://www.facebook.com/events/1320000711392317/   About the Fine Arts Series The Mary Jo and V. Lane Rawlins Fine Arts Series began as the Lyceum Series in 1903 when UNT was North Texas Normal College. The series has grown over the past century while never losing sight of its purpose. In all our endeavors we hope to enrich UNT students' lives and provide a higher quality of life here at North Texas. As the Fine Arts Series enters its 113th season, we hope to entertain and educate our campus community by presenting an exciting series of performing, visual, and literary arts events. All UNT Fine Arts Series performances are presented free of charge to UNT students.  In honor of the commitment that Dr. and Mrs. Rawlins have for UNT students and the Arts, the students at UNT proudly propose to rename this series The Mary Jo and V. Lane Rawlins Fine Arts Series​.   Ticketing Information Unless specified, tickets are available here. Free tickets are available for UNT students with a valid ID and discounted tickets are available for UNT faculty, and staff. Accommodations Persons needing special assistance should contact TTY at (800) 735-2989 Call: (800) 735-2989 a minimum of one week in advance of the program. Stay Connected with the Fine Arts Series Facebook  |   Twitter   Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 