  cob   directory facultystaff awards  CoB Faculty and Staff Awards College of Business   cob   directory facultystaff awards  CoB Faculty and Staff Awards College of Business   cob   directory facultystaff awards  CoB Faculty and Staff Awards College of Business   cob   directory facultystaff awards  CoB Faculty and Staff Awards College of Business   cob   directory facultystaff awards  CoB Faculty and Staff Awards College of Business   cob   directory facultystaff awards  CoB Faculty and Staff Awards College of Business   cob   directory facultystaff awards  CoB Faculty and Staff Awards College of Business   cob   directory facultystaff awards  CoB Faculty and Staff Awards College of Business   cob   directory facultystaff awards  CoB Faculty and Staff Awards College of Business   cob   directory facultystaff awards  CoB Faculty and Staff Awards College of Business   CoB Faculty and Staff Awards « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard UNT College of Business Departments Home College About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics Future Students Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Current Students Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast CoB People CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login INVEST How to Invest Give a Gift In This Section CoB Alumni Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory Ph.D. Directory CoB Faculty/Staff Awards Faculty/Staff Login CoB Faculty and Staff Awards 2016 Congratulations to the 2016 College of Business Faculty and Staff Award winners! 2016 PDI Fellowship Recipients Dr. Nick Evangelopoulos Department of Information Technology & Decision Sciences Dr. David Nowicki Department of Marketing & Logistics 2016 College of Business Research & Teaching Faculty Award Recipients Dr. Dan Kim Department of Information Technology & Decision Sciences, Outstanding Senior Faculty Research Award Dr. Eric Rapley Department of Accounting, Outstanding Junior Faculty Research Award 2016 College of Business Staff Awards Recipients Ben Dearman Director of Masters Programs Sara Martin Administrative Coordinator, ITDS Information Technology & Decision Sciences Alicia Wallace Administrative Specialist I, Faculty Support Center 2015 Congratulations to the 2015 College of Business Faculty and Staff Award winners! Lori Barthold Department of Undergraduate Advising Tina Garza Department of Information Technology and Decision Sciences Sue Kangas Department of Marketing and Logistics Dr. Nolan Gaffney Department of Management Outstanding Junior Faculty Research Award Dr. Shailesh Kulkarni Department of Information Technology and Decision Sciences Outstanding Senior Faculty Research Award Dr. Charles Blankson Department of Marketing and Logistics PDI Fellowship Award Dr. Brian Sauser Department of Marketing and Logistics PDI Fellowship Award 2009 Cheryl McQueen, Dean’s Office. Indra Bhagat, Office of Academic Advising and Student Services. 2008 Konni Stubblefield Inez Loche Stacy Suits 2007 Shirley White Kim Bryant Virginia Jones 2005-2006 Sheila McWillams, Department of Management Chris Stoermer, Information & Learning Technologies Center Linda Branson, Information & Learning Technologies Center. Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact the College of Business This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 