  coe   news curriculum instruction masters student ready second career classroom Curriculum Instruction master s student ready for second career in the classroom  College of Education  coe   news curriculum instruction masters student ready second career classroom Curriculum Instruction master s student ready for second career in the classroom  College of Education  coe   news curriculum instruction masters student ready second career classroom Curriculum Instruction master s student ready for second career in the classroom  College of Education  coe   news curriculum instruction masters student ready second career classroom Curriculum Instruction master s student ready for second career in the classroom  College of Education  coe   news curriculum instruction masters student ready second career classroom Curriculum Instruction master s student ready for second career in the classroom  College of Education  coe   news curriculum instruction masters student ready second career classroom Curriculum Instruction master s student ready for second career in the classroom  College of Education  coe   news curriculum instruction masters student ready second career classroom Curriculum Instruction master s student ready for second career in the classroom  College of Education  coe   news curriculum instruction masters student ready second career classroom Curriculum Instruction master s student ready for second career in the classroom  College of Education  coe   news curriculum instruction masters student ready second career classroom Curriculum Instruction master s student ready for second career in the classroom  College of Education  coe   news curriculum instruction masters student ready second career classroom Curriculum Instruction master s student ready for second career in the classroom  College of Education  Curriculum & Instruction master's student ready for second career in the classroom | UNT College of Education Skip to Main Content Area MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE Search this site: AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE About Welcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and Advising Future Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher Certification How do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office Departments Counseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center People Faculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and Friends Newsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE College of Education › Curriculum & Instruction master's student ready for second career in the classroom Curriculum & Instruction master's student ready for second career in the classroom Sue Dinaro always loved being an elementary school teacher, and after four years, she was on her way to becoming a master teacher. But when she moved from New Mexico to Texas when her husband’s job was relocated, she had trouble finding a teaching position and knew she’d have to look for something else. Wanting to stay in education, she came across an opportunity at the University of North Texas that tapped into her first career in law enforcement. Little did she know that accepting the position five years ago at UNT – plus a special scholarship for faculty and staff members – would put her one step closer to going back to the classroom. In the meantime, her UNT job seemed a perfect match. “This was coming back home for me,” says Dinaro, who landed in the UNT Police Department as a support specialist in charge of property and evidence. “Everything fit.” Dinaro thrived in her role at UNT, and this year, she was named “Property Technician of the Year” for the entire state by the Texas Association of Property and Evidence Inventory Technicians. Still, that itch for teaching kids never left. Dinaro decided to get recertified in Texas – unsure whether she’d ever have the chance to teach again. “There are so many kids out there who struggle,” Dinaro says. “You have to learn to read before you can get anywhere. So many kids, and even adults, don’t have that love of reading, but a good teacher can inspire them and create in them a fire and interest to want to read.” After learning about her past in teaching, several of Dinaro’s police colleagues, as well as her family, encouraged her to enroll in the Master of Education in Curriculum and Instruction degree program through the UNT College of Education. Then, co-workers informed her about UNT’s Faculty/Staff/Retiree/Dependent Educational Scholarship – which pays the UNT Board of Regents-designated tuition and mandatory fees for qualifying individuals who are pursuing secondary degrees.  “There is nothing holding you back if you apply yourself,” says Dinaro, noting that the excuses she had for not getting her master’s degree were gone. “It’s an excellent scholarship.” Now in her first year as a UNT student, the former teacher is going back to school – for the third time – to pursue a teaching career. Dinaro first started her bachelor’s degree in the 1980s. However, she chose work over school after receiving a job offer from a police station. The first of her four children came along shortly thereafter, and school was put on the back burner. She finally completed her bachelor’s degree in 2004 and taught until her family moved to Texas seven years ago. Now, Dinaro, 53, says the curriculum and instruction program has been a perfect fit for her post-retirement career plans, giving her the ability to eventually return to teaching in a new, expanded role. “This isn’t the typical college path people choose to take,” she admits. “It’s not the easiest thing, but you have to think that ‘maybe I can do it.’” Working with her supervisors in the police department, she has been able to adjust her schedule to fit in classes and coursework. The ability to take online courses will help, too. “I see the future of UNT involving online courses,” Dinaro says. “UNT has come full circle from a small teachers college to now offering classes in education that are fully online. It meets the needs of today’s students.” She’s not entirely sure where the degree will take her, but she hopes to eventually pursue an instructional post that allows her to lead the charge for curriculum decision-making and mapping for a team of teachers. “Someone needs to give you a push sometimes,” she says. “My co-workers at UNT kept me encouraged in my pursuit of an excellent education.” College News TEA Announcements Contact Information College of Education Matthews Hall, Room 214 1300 West Highland Street Denton, TX 76203 Contact the College of Education Email Us For technical problems with this web site, contact COEWeb@unt.edu.     UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Universities Center at Dallas Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online Go to Secure Login Page 