 studentaffairs   student activities center Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center Student Activities Center Division of Student Affairs  Student Activities Center | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Activities Center » Home About Us Programs and Services Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Activities Center Home About Us Programs and Services Guides Contact DSA Home Student Activities Center What We Do  Student Activities promotes a sense of community and loyalty to the University, while serving to enhance the social, intellectual and developmental growth of students as individuals or as members of organizations. By engaging members of the University community in collaborative efforts, Student Activities nurtures citizenship, leadership, and community, while striving to assist in the holistic development of students. Other Services  Request a Presentation Find Off-Campus Housing Event Application   Get Connected  One of the goals of Student Activities is to help students make connections on campus and maximize their college experience through student organizations. We have about 400 orgs from which to choose, so there’s something for everyone. And if there’s not, you can create one! Becoming a member of a student organization helps you meet new people, develop leadership skills, and promote your interests while in college. Search Student Orgs Involvement Advising Login to OrgSync   Programs & Services Quiz Bowl By: Student Activities Center Non-Trad Week Non-Traditional Student Week, is a full week of programming just for Non-Traditional Students and their... By: Student Activities Center Student Organizations One of the goals of Student Activities is to help students make connections on campus and maximize their... By: Student Activities Center University Day University Day, first held May 10, 1961, marks the day North Texas State College became North Texas State... By: Student Activities Center Off-Campus Housing If you are looking for off-campus housing, Off-Campus Student Services can assist you in getting the process... By: Student Activities Center Family Movie Night The purpose of this event is to highlight non-traditional students, allow their family to see the university... By: Student Activities Center Off-Campus Student Services Off-Campus Student Services, part of Student Activities, serves as a liaison between students and departments... By: Student Activities Center Off-Campus Connection Off-Campus Student Services partners with students who live off-campus to support the creation of a community... By: Student Activities Center   Connect with Us student.activities@unt.edu (940) 565-3807 Physical Address1155 Union Circle, Suite 345 Tweets Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 