 autism   about us Our Team  Autism Center autism   about us Our Team  Autism Center autism   about us Our Team  Autism Center autism   about us Our Team  Autism Center autism   about us Our Team  Autism Center autism   about us Our Team  Autism Center autism   about us Our Team  Autism Center autism   about us Our Team  Autism Center autism   about us Our Team  Autism Center autism   about us Our Team  Autism Center  Our Team | UNT Autism Center Search this site: En Español MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home Our Team What We Do Contact Us Get Involved Research Latest News Training and Events Autism Conference Resources Insurance FAQ Autism Center › Our TeamOur Team   The UNT Kristin Farmer Autism Center staff is a family of dedicated, compassionate, and caring individuals, selected for their extensive knowledge and experience in autism, and their demonstrated success in a wide variety of professional areas. Every staff member and employee strives to be a model of excellence in all we do, including our daily interactions with one another, the individuals and families we serve, and the many partners and collaborators who make up our multidisciplinary team. We maintain the highest levels of skills and competence in autism treatment, research, and training, in order to fulfill our vision and accomplish our mission goals and objectives. We continuously demonstrate the Center's Core Values, and we pledge to make a positive long-term impact on the lives of our clients. We believe that by significantly improving the functional skills of individuals with autism, we not only enrich their lives, but also our lives and the lives of those in our shared community. We truly consider all persons receiving services at the Center to be part of our extended family, and vow to conduct ourselves at all times in an atmosphere of utmost professionalism, courtesy, mutual respect, determination, and hope. Please discover more about the UNT Autism Center team below.     Kristin Farmer - Benefactor and Strategic Advisor Ms. Farmer is the UNT Kristin Farmer Autism Center's benefactor.  She continues to be an active supporter of UNT and the University's many autism activities, including the center which proudly bears her name. Kevin Callahan, PhD - Executive Director Center director Kevin Callahan, Ph.D., served as a UNT faculty member in the educational psychology department’s special education program for 18 years before becoming the director of the UNT Kristin Farmer Autism Center. Susan Nichols, PhD, BCBA-D - Associate Executive Director "Susie" Nichols has over 15 years of experience in the field of autism intervention. She has worked as a self-contained special education teacher and interventionist in local school districts. Susie is a Board Certified Behavior Analyst and has served children with autism in both the home and center-based programs.   Shannon Field, MEd, BCBA - Intervention Coordinator Shannon joined the Kristin Farmer Autism Center in June 2014.  She is a certified Special Education Teacher and General Education Teacher with over 8 years of experience providing services for children with autism in both public school and clinical settings. Jason Cohen, MS, BCBA - Intervention Coordinator Jason has experience in single-subject research, various methods of instruction, staff training, and program management, design, and implementation and has over 10 years of experience providing behavior analytic services in schools, homes, research, and clinical settings. Karen A. Toussaint, PhD, BCBA-D - Intervention Coordinator, Assistant Professor of Behavior Analysis Dr. Karen Toussaint is an Assistant Professor of Behavior Analysis at the University of North Texas. Dr. Toussaint provides behavioral intervention services for children with autism at KFAC and specializes in the treatment of severe behavior disorders and early language acquisition. While at KFAC, she also conducts research evaluations related to improving clinical outcomes. Kristi Klusman - Executive Administrative Coordinator Kristi Klusman joined the Kristin Farmer Autism Center in November 2014, where she serves as Executive Administrative Coordinator for the Center. Melanie Litvin, MS, BCBA - Intervention Coordinator Melanie joined the Kristin Farmer Autism Center in October 2014. She earned her bachelor’s and master’s degrees in Behavior Analysis at the University of North Texas, and has over four years of experience working with children with autism in both clinical and school settings. Kristi Cortez, MS, BCBA - Intervention Coordinator Kristi Cortez earned her master's degree in Behavior Analysis at the University of North Texas. She is a Board Certified Behavior Analyst with over 10 years of experience working with children with autism. She is a certified Special Ediucation Teacher with seven years in the classroom. Kristi joined the Kristin Farmer Autism Center in 2014. Collin Massey, MEd, LPC - Mental Health Counselor Collin Massey has been working with children and adults with autism for over ten years. He is a Licensed Professional Counselor in the state of Texas and earned his Master's degree in Community Counseling from the University of North Texas. Collin has counseling experience with individuals, couples, families, and groups in a variety of settings, including community agencies, schools, churches and private practice. Kimberlee Flatt, MA, LPC, BCBA - Intervention Coordinator, Adult Services Kimberlee Flatt is a Licensed Professional Counselor and a Board Certified Behavior Analyst currently working towards her doctoral degree in Autism Intervention though the department of Educational Psychology. She has 10+ years supporting public education through a variety of roles. She is certified as a Special Education Teacher, General Education Teacher, School Counselor, and Administrator. Dawn Towne - Intake and Reception Specialist Dawn Towne joined the KFAC team in October 2015. She serves as an administrative specialist responsible for client intake, reception coordination and conference planning. Mary-Ellen McComb - Administrative Coordinator Mary-Ellen joined the Kristin Farmer Autism Center in 2015. She has a varied background in office administration, human resources and special education.    Rebecca Durham - Behavior Technician Rebecca joined the Kristin Farmer Autism Center in January 2015. She earned her Bachelor’s degree in Applied Behavior Analysis from the University of North Texas, where she also plans to pursue her Master’s degree. She has over a year and a half of experience working with children with autism in a clinical setting.    Ryann Elmer - Behavior Technician Ryann joined the KFAC team in October of 2014. She earned her bachelor's degree in Psychology at the University of North Texas, and plans to pursue a master's degree in Special Education.    Lindsey Hartzel - Behavior Technician  Lindsey joined the KFAC team in June 2015. She received her Bachelor's degree in Speech and Hearing Sciences at the University of North Texas, and has experience working with children in both home and clinical settings.    Joy Stewart - Behavior Technician Joy joined the Kristin Farmer Autism Center in August 2015. She received her Bachelor's degree in Speech and Hearing Sciences from the University of North Texas and plans to pursue a master's degree as well. She has a year and a half experience working with children with autism in a clinical setting.    Emily Nichols - Behavior Technician Emily joined the Kristin Farmer Autism Center in September 2016. She received her Bachelor's degree in Applied Behavior Analysis from the University of North Texas and plans to pursue a master's degree as well. She has a year experience working with children with autism in both clinical and home settings. Login to post comments Contact Us: UNT Autism Center 490 S I-35E Denton, TX 76205 USA Voice: (940) 369-5373 http://autism.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. COE-AutismCenter@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 8, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 