 engineering   news News College of Engineering engineering   news News College of Engineering engineering   news News College of Engineering engineering   news News College of Engineering engineering   news News College of Engineering engineering   news News College of Engineering engineering   news News College of Engineering engineering   news News College of Engineering engineering   news News College of Engineering engineering   news News College of Engineering  News | College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving Home News Select a category <Any>AlumniBiomedical EngineeringComputer Science and EngineeringElectrical EngineeringEngineering TechnologyGraduate Studentsin the newsInternshipMaterials Science and EngineeringMechanical and Energy EngineeringResearch NewsSecuritySWEUndergraduate Students Student Featured in New York Times May 2017 Daniel Merlino, a junior in UNT’s Department of Computer Science and Engineering, was featured in the New York Times today for his participation in NASA’s High-Performance Fast Computing Challenge. Read more. Photo by Dominic Hart/NASA. Engineering Star Performers May 2017 Star Performer is a staff award presented regularly at UNT. Congratulations to this year’s UNT College of Engineering Star Performers: Peggy Foster Jason Mieritz Gina Pumphrey Donna Cain Stephanie Deacon Elizabeth Assad Porsha Reeves Rachel Smith Adrian Stephens Nancy Van Hoy The UNT Star... UNT Receives Funding for First-of-its-Kind Machine April 2017 The University of North Texas will soon be home to a rare piece of equipment. The Army Research Office has agreed to fund $417,000 for a custom built multi-physics materials processing machine to help the Department of Materials Science and Engineering in the College of Engineering. Dr. Rajiv... Professor Receives Engineering Faculty Research Award April 2017 Dr. Gayatri Mehta, associate professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering, today received the 2017 Engineering Faculty Research Award. Gayatri joined UNT’s College of Engineering in 2009 after receiving her Ph.D. from the University of Pittsburgh.  Her research focuses on... From Digital Data to Knowledge: Researcher Receives NSF CAREER Award April 2017 Cornelia Caragea, an assistant professor at the University of North Texas College of Engineering, received the National Science Foundation CAREER Award for her work in machine learning, data mining and information retrieval. The NSF Faculty Early Career Development program recognizes junior... 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » Events Undergraduate Spring Commencement 2017 05/12/2017 - 3:00pm UNT Coliseum Doctoral and Master's Spring Commencement 2017 05/13/2017 - 5:30pm UNT Coliseum Annual Energy Summit 2017 07/15/2017 - 8:00am - 12:00pm Discovery Park Submit your event > View all events > Photos View photo gallery > Research Centers Center for Advanced Research and Technology Center for Advanced Scientific Computing and Modeling Center for Computational Epidemiology and Response Analysis Center for Information and Cyber Security Net-Centric Software and Systems Center PACCAR Technology Institute Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 