 engineering    receives funding first its kind machine  Receives Funding for First of its Kind Machine College of Engineering engineering    receives funding first its kind machine  Receives Funding for First of its Kind Machine College of Engineering engineering    receives funding first its kind machine  Receives Funding for First of its Kind Machine College of Engineering engineering    receives funding first its kind machine  Receives Funding for First of its Kind Machine College of Engineering engineering    receives funding first its kind machine  Receives Funding for First of its Kind Machine College of Engineering engineering    receives funding first its kind machine  Receives Funding for First of its Kind Machine College of Engineering engineering    receives funding first its kind machine  Receives Funding for First of its Kind Machine College of Engineering engineering    receives funding first its kind machine  Receives Funding for First of its Kind Machine College of Engineering engineering    receives funding first its kind machine  Receives Funding for First of its Kind Machine College of Engineering engineering    receives funding first its kind machine  Receives Funding for First of its Kind Machine College of Engineering  UNT Receives Funding for First-of-its-Kind Machine | College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving Home UNT Receives Funding for First-of-its-Kind Machine April 2017 by Tanya O’Neil The University of North Texas will soon be home to a rare piece of equipment. The Army Research Office has agreed to fund $417,000 for a custom built multi-physics materials processing machine to help the Department of Materials Science and Engineering in the College of Engineering. Dr. Rajiv Mishra (left) with Army Research Lab visitors. “This equipment will be able to apply up to 2.5 Tesla of magnetic field while deforming the material at various temperatures,” said Rajiv Mishra, director of the Advanced Materials and Manufacturing Processes Institute and UNT Distinguished Research Professor of materials science and engineering. “The idea is to create unique microstructures in metallic alloys under the combined effect of mechanical stress, magnetic field and temperature. It is a first of its kind machine at any university.” The equipment will serve as a discovery tool to expand the microstructural pathways for enhanced performance in steels, aluminum alloys, titanium alloys and magnesium alloys. This effort builds on the existing cooperative agreement between the Army Research Laboratory and the University of North Texas, which has already produced exceptional strength-ductility combinations. The funding is part of Department of Defense’s Defense University Research Instrumentation Program that supports cutting edge defense research and is associated with graduate student research training.    Category(ies): Materials Science and EngineeringResearch News Latest News Student Featured in New York Times Daniel Merlino, a junior in UNT’s Department of Computer Science and... Engineering Star Performers Star Performer is a staff award presented regularly at UNT.... Professor Receives Engineering Faculty Research Award Dr. Gayatri Mehta, associate professor in the Department of Electrical... View more news > Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 