 studentaffairs   center leadership and service Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center leadership and service Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center leadership and service Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center leadership and service Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center leadership and service Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center leadership and service Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center leadership and service Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center leadership and service Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center leadership and service Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center leadership and service Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs  Center for Leadership and Service | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Center for Leadership and Service » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Center for Leadership and Service Home About UsStaff Programs Contact DSA Home Center for Leadership and Service Core Values  Learning Engagement Community Collaboration Empowerment The Center for Leadership & Service creates and implements programs that reflect and instill these five values. We develop students who will become active participants in the LEARNING process, and in turn will understand the value of service, leadership, and civic ENGAGEMENT. Our office creates an inclusive COMMUNITY on campus by establishing connections and encouraging COLLABORATION to EMPOWER student leaders to solve complex problems together. Hours Fall & Spring: Monday – Friday, 8 am – 5 pm   Programs by Center for Leadership & Service Adopt-A-Block The Adopt-a-Block program gives students, faculty, and staff the opportunity to participate in creating a... By: Center for Leadership and Service IMPACT Student Boards The Center for Leadership & Service is a great place to get involved as a student leader. Students gain... By: Center for Leadership and Service UNT SERVES! REAL Community UNT SERVES! is a REAL Community for 51 students in Kerr Hall. It is supported by the College of Public... By: Center for Leadership and Service Big Event: The Big Event The Big Event is a nationally recognized day of service celebrated by the UNT community on Saturday, March 25... By: Center for Leadership and Service Be the Match Join more than 8,000 students, faculty and staff who have registered with the Be the Match Registry® (the... By: Center for Leadership and Service LeaderShape The LeaderShape Institute at UNT is open to freshmen, sophomores, juniors, non-graduating seniors and... By: Center for Leadership and Service Volunteer and Non-Profit Fairs This year, the Center for Leadership & Service is partnering with the Career Center to combine a... By: Center for Leadership and Service Big Event: Make a Difference Day On Saturday, October 22,2016, the University of North Texas is celebrating a day of service through Make a... By: Center for Leadership and Service Connect with Us leadandserve@unt.edu (940) 565-3021 Physical AddressThe Union, Suite 345 Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 