 engineering   video Video College of Engineering engineering   video Video College of Engineering engineering   video Video College of Engineering engineering   video Video College of Engineering engineering   video Video College of Engineering engineering   video Video College of Engineering engineering   video Video College of Engineering engineering   video Video College of Engineering engineering   video Video College of Engineering engineering   video Video College of Engineering  Video | College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving Home Video UNT Three Minute Thesis - Neuro-Sign: NOT Just another Vital Sign UNT Three Minute Thesis - Network Security by YOU UNT Three Minute Thesis - William McCary's Wind Turbine Well-Check Science of Innovation: Friction-Stir Welding Center for Advanced Scientific Computing and Modeling at UNT UNT Mean Green Racing Driver Training iDirector with Arun Devaraj UNT experts discuss the science of Christmas Senior Design - Fine Particulate Copper Filtration System Why North Texas? College of Engineering Video Viewbook Virtual Tour of UNT's Zero Energy Lab Drones for Disaster Relief UNT ASME UAV STARS Spring 2013 UNT Senior Design Day 2013 Call 911: Smarter Emergency Response UNT Named Among Greenest Colleges in the Nation Institute for Science and Engineering Simulation (ISES) Vestas Winnovation Case Challenge 2012 SAE Car Jeremy Gonzales Giving to UNT Mobile Life Guard Untangled Spectra Season 3 Episode 2 #TheGreenScreen: Geek Week ETEC 20th Anniversary Celebration Tech Titans of the Future: University Tips, Topics and Techniques for STEM Summer Camps Why UNT? India UNT Senior Design Day 2012 Zero Energy Research Lab Ribbon-Cutting Jennifer Williams, UNT Grad Student UNT Autonomous Systems Laboratory Robocamp for Girls Receives Tech-Titan Award UNT Receives Largest Gift Ever (Full Reception) Electrical Engineering Tour Materials Science and Engineering Tour Mechanical and Energy Engineering Tour Jeff Helstad, UNT Senior Click here to check out student game videos from the UNT game programming courses!   UNT Three Minute Thesis - Neuro-Sign: NOT Just another Vital Sign  UNT Three Minute Thesis - Network Security by YOU  UNT Three Minute Thesis - William McCary's Wind Turbine Well-Check  Science of Innovation: Friction-Stir Welding At the University of North Texas, Rajiv Mishra is using a form of welding in a new technology that can improve metal’s strength, toughness, and other properties and could bring new opportunities to the automotive and aircraft industries. Center for Advanced Scientific Computing and Modeling at UNT At the Center for Advanced Scientific Computing and Modeling in the College of Engineering, at the University of North Texas, there are terrific facilities, both computationally and experimentally. There are nearly 100 researchers from across disciplines including materials science and engineering, chemistry, physics, biology, and mechanical engineering to solve a broad range of problems important to materials science. UNT Mean Green Racing Driver Training UNT Mean Green Racing driver training day featuring two new drivers. iDirector with Arun Devaraj Environmental Molecular Sciences Laboratory (EMSL) Director, Allison Campbell talks with Arun Devaraj about his research and experience at EMSL. UNT Experts Discuss the Science of Christmas Scientists at the University of North Texas have the inside scoop on Santa's new, light-weight sleigh technology and his plans to use wormholes to deliver gifts even faster this Christmas. Senior Design - Fine Particulate Copper Filtration System Students are presenting their senior design project - Fine Particulate Copper Filtration System. Why North Texas? College of Engineering Video Viewbook Hear from students from Thailand what it is like to study at the University of North Texas (UNT) College of Engineering. Virtual Tour of UNT's Zero Energy Lab UNT's Zero Energy Laboratory is a testing ground for current and future sustainable technologies, and is the only lab of its kind in Texas. Faculty and students from UNT's College of Engineering conduct research in the lab to better understand how humans use energy, and how technology can improve the planet. Drones for Disaster Relief UNT drone research featured on NSF website. Click here for more information. UNT ASME UAV First flight!!!!! UNT ASME UAV STARS Spring 2013 Video of the projects for the STARS Leadership Corps at UNT Computer Science and Engineering in Denton Texas. Senior Design Day 2013 Take a look at some of the projects shown on 2013 at University of North Texas' College of Engineering Senior Design Day. Call 911: Smarter Emergency Response A research team lead by Ram Dantu of the University of North Texas sees the growth of cell phone and smart phone usage as an opportunity to improve 9-1-1 response. With support from the National Science Foundation (NSF), his team designed several innovative smart phone apps that virtually place 9-1-1 operators at the scene of an emergency, allowing them to quickly and accurately collect information, assist victims and help first responders save lives. UNT Named Among Greenest Colleges in the Nation NBCDFW Video: The Princeton Review has named the University of North Texas among the “greenest colleges” in the US. Institute for Science and Engineering Simulation (ISES) A short piece with members of the ISES research team discussing the goals of ISES and methods used to reach their goals. Vestas Winnovation Case Challenge 2012 27 engineering students at the Vestas Technology R&D; centre in Denmark for 2 days to solve some of Vestas' future challenges on the Energy Market, focusing on how to reduce Costs and enhance Quality. SAE Car University of North Texas SAE Build Team. Jeremy Gonzalez Giving to UNT  Thoughts from Jeremy Gonzalez on his background, why he chose UNT and the impact of scholarships on his life. Help students like Jeremy realize their dreams of a college education. Mobile Life Guard A short demo of a vehicle safety application developed at UNT. Untangled A game developed by a UNT research team led by Dr. Gayatri Mehta designed to discover algorithms by making use of human intuition and ability to recognize patterns and opportunities even in complex problems. Visit their website to play the game and learn more about the project. Spectra Season 3 Episode 2 An interview from Spectra, a North Texas Television show. #TheGreenScreen: Geek Week On this edition of #TheGreenScreen, we visited Discovery Park for some Geek Week fun. ETEC 20th Anniversary Celebration The College of Engineering held a celebration on September 20th, 2012, to mark the 20th anniversary of the Department of Engineering Technology. The celebration was kicked off by this brief speech. Tech Titans of the Future: University Jim McGee at Huawei presenting. University of North Texas Net-Centric wins. Tips, Topics and Techniques for STEM Summer Camps  Why UNT? India Hear from Indian students of what they have to say about UNT! Are you a student from India interested in going to the University of North Texas? Click here for more information! UNT Senior Design Day 2012 Take a look at a few of the projects shown April 27th, 2012 at the Design Day event held by the College of Engineering. Zero Energy Research Lab Ribbon-Cutting The main event at the ribbon-cutting ceremony for the College of Engineering's new Zero Energy Research Laboratory or "Z0E". Here President Rawlins and project leader Dr. Tao cut the ribbon together officially opening the new building. Jennifer Williams, UNT Grad Student Portrait of Jennifer Williams, Masters student in the College of Electrical Engineering at the University of North Texas. UNT Autonomous Systems Laboratory University of North Texas graduate student Gottipati Naga Sravani and her faculty mentor Kamesh Namuduri, associate professor of electrical engineering, talk about their research in the autonomous systems laboratory at Discovery Park. Robocamp for Girls Receives Tech-Titan Award UNT College of Engineering's Robocamp for Girls was recognized with the Metroplex Technology Business Council's (MTBC) Tech Titan of the Future-University Level award for the program's creative, innovative approach to encouraging girls to pursue engineering careers. The Tech Titan Award was presented by the MTBC, the largest technology trade non-profit organization in Texas, at the 10th Annual Tech Titans Awards Gala on Aug. 27. UNT Receives Largest Gift Ever (Full Reception) Charn Uswachoke, a University of North Texas alum, has pledged $22 million -- the school's largest gift ever -- to support music, engineering and business. Read More... Electrical Engineering Tour Come along for a virtual field trip tour of three departments in UNT's College of Engineering and hear about the exciting project-based work students and faculty have going on. High school students will receive valuable tips on how to prepare academically and what technical and soft skills are useful for a rewarding career in electrical engineering. Materials Science and Engineering Tour Come along for a virtual field trip tour of three departments in UNT's College of Engineering and hear about the exciting project-based work students and faculty have going on. High school students will receive valuable tips on how to prepare academically and what technical and soft skills are useful for a rewarding career in material science and engineering. Mechanical and Energy Engineering Tour Come along for a virtual field trip tour of three departments in UNT's College of Engineering and hear about the exciting project-based work students and faculty have going on. High school students will receive valuable tips on how to prepare academically and what technical and soft skills are useful for a rewarding career in mechanical and energy engineering. Jeff Helstad, UNT Senior University of North Texas senior Jeff Helstad talks about his research and mentors in the College of Engineering. Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 