 biomedical engineering   Home Biomedical Engineering biomedical engineering   Home Biomedical Engineering biomedical engineering   Home Biomedical Engineering biomedical engineering   Home Biomedical Engineering biomedical engineering   Home Biomedical Engineering biomedical engineering   Home Biomedical Engineering biomedical engineering   Home Biomedical Engineering biomedical engineering   Home Biomedical Engineering biomedical engineering   Home Biomedical Engineering biomedical engineering   Home Biomedical Engineering  Home | Biomedical Engineering Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home Undergraduate Graduate Partnerships Research About Us People Search form Search Biomedical Engineering MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Engineering Biomedical Engineering Main menu Home Undergraduate Graduate Partnerships Research About Us People   The U.S. Labor Department predicts that the fastest-growing area in engineering will be Biomedical Engineering. According to their data, jobs in the field of Biomedical Engineering are expected to grow from 16,000 to 27,600 in 2018, a growth of 72%. A recent U.S. News and World Report survey showed that Biomedical Engineering is one of the 50 BEST CAREERS. Home Thu, 04/30/2015 - 14:03 -- xl0091 Why Study Biomedical Engineering? The College of Engineering at UNT offers a unique undergraduate program in Biomedical Engineering that allows a student of the program to major in Biomedical Engineering, minor in mathematics and minor in an additional area of engineering. Thus, a student graduating from the 120 SCH program will be well rounded and have the engineering skills and expertise to work in industry, hospitals, or research institutions or to become a motivated entrepreneur. Our program allows you to tailor your education to your own specialized interest by providing five areas of concentration: Bioinformatics, Biomedical Instrumentation, Biomechanics, Biotechnology, and Biomaterials. As well as a minor in mathematics and a minor in another engineering discipline of your choice, upon completion of the program. News & Announcements Biomedical Engineering Junior Part of UNT Team Conquers Logistics Challenges in International Competition Ashleigh Allison (left in picture), a Biomedical Engineering junior student, is a member of UNT Team that took home second place at the Student Case Competition and Supply Chain Conference early last month in Denver... Biomedical Engineering Students Selected into JAMP Two undergraduate students in the Department of Biomedical Engineering have been selected into the Joint Admission Medical Program (JAMP) – a first for UNT’s College of... Academic Resources Advising Admission Financial Assistance Biomedical Engineering Booklet Course Syllabi Undergraduate Catalog Visit Us Discovery Park 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Mail Us College of Engineering Biomedical Engineering 3940 N Elm Street B131 Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Contact Us 940-565-3338 donna.cain@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 02, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 02, 2017 | Important Links 