 netcentric cse   Welcome NSF Net Centric Cloud Software Systems NCSS Industry University Cooperative Research Center I UCRC  netcentric cse   Welcome NSF Net Centric Cloud Software Systems NCSS Industry University Cooperative Research Center I UCRC  netcentric cse   Welcome NSF Net Centric Cloud Software Systems NCSS Industry University Cooperative Research Center I UCRC  netcentric cse   Welcome NSF Net Centric Cloud Software Systems NCSS Industry University Cooperative Research Center I UCRC  netcentric cse   Welcome NSF Net Centric Cloud Software Systems NCSS Industry University Cooperative Research Center I UCRC  netcentric cse   Welcome NSF Net Centric Cloud Software Systems NCSS Industry University Cooperative Research Center I UCRC  netcentric cse   Welcome NSF Net Centric Cloud Software Systems NCSS Industry University Cooperative Research Center I UCRC  netcentric cse   Welcome NSF Net Centric Cloud Software Systems NCSS Industry University Cooperative Research Center I UCRC  netcentric cse   Welcome NSF Net Centric Cloud Software Systems NCSS Industry University Cooperative Research Center I UCRC  netcentric cse   Welcome NSF Net Centric Cloud Software Systems NCSS Industry University Cooperative Research Center I UCRC   Welcome | NSF Net-Centric & Cloud Software & Systems (NCSS) Industry & University Cooperative Research Center (I/UCRC) NSF Net-Centric & Cloud Software & Systems (NCSS) Industry & University Cooperative Research Center (I/UCRC) Net-Centric Software News Current Members Personnel Projects Papers Event Gallery Documents Recent Graduates Log In Net-Centric and Cloud SoftwareSoftware developed for network and cloud-based usage READ MORE Published PapersSee our ideas READ MORE PersonnelSee the talent working with us READ MORE Opportunity Net-Centric and cloud-based operations offer a computing model for the future. In this paradigm, we no longer view applications as having a fixed set of capabilities: we see them as a set of highly reliable services that are dynamically created from acquired services, then verified and validated in the field in real-time. Collaboration The Net-Centric and Cloud Center focuses on a collaborative approach of research and development in net-centric and cloud systems. This allows us to draw on the expertise of both industry and academia. Implementation Cloud computing offers many advantages. The Net-Centric and Cloud Center conducts research on leveraging these advantages in software development, resource management, SLA compilance, workload modeling, and evalution of emerging technologies for cloud and net-centric environments. Welcome Welcome to the NSF Net-Centric and Cloud Software & Systems Industry/University Cooperative Research Center. NSF Industry/University Cooperative Research Centers (I/UCRC) develop long-term partnerships among industry, academe, and government. The centers are catalyzed by a small investment from the National Science Foundation (NSF) and are primarily supported by industry center members, with NSF taking a supporting role in the development and evolution of the center. The NSF Industry/University Cooperative Research Center on Net-Centric and Cloud Software and Systems (Net-Centric IUCRC) has been in existence since 2009. Originally the center included the University of North Texas, the University of Texas at Dallas and Southern Methodist University. Arizona State University joined the center in 2010. For an overview of IUCRC program and Net-centric IUCRC, click here.     Learn more about our center and about some of our recent research by visiting our YouTube channel.     Why Join Us? Proven model optimized for collaboration between industry, government, and academia Access to pre-competitive and basic research Leveraged "force multiplier" to accelerate generation of new ideas for product innovation Opportunities to network and partner with technology leaders and innovators A single point source for company and staff education on emerging technologies An expert source for company staff education and training in emerging technologies A targeted, low-risk, and cost-effective complement to selected in-house R&D Both royalty free non-exclusive and royalty-bearing exclusive licensing available Access to trained workforce Opportunity to direct University research Opportunity to establish high-quality, long-term relationships with researchers How to Join A business can join the Center as an Industrial Member and sign a membership agreement with any of the Academic Institutions. Each Industrial Member is entitled to a representative on the Industrial Advisory Board that decides which projects will be funded from the pooled annual dues. Industrial Members have non-exclusive royalty-free access to research conducted by the center. Other licensing agreements are also available. For further information about the Center or memberships, please contact Dr. Krishna Kavi, director of the Net-Centric and Cloud Software & Systems Center at krishna.kavi@unt.edu or (940) 369-7216 or Melanie Dewey at melanie.dewey@unt.edu. For a sample membership agreement, click here. Search form Search News April 2017 IAB Meeting Recap The April 2017 NCSS I/UCRC IAB meeting at the University of Texas at Dallas was a success! We had 60 people in attendance - 8 of whom were industry members, 8 who were industry/government visitors, and 29 students.  The Spring meeting included 13 project presentations (five new proposals and eight in-progress reports), a keynote speech by Peter DeNagy, and a "Wicked" Problem Industry Panel.   The meeting was attended virtually by Dmitri Perkins, the I/UCRC CISE NSF Director, who gave a brief overview of the I/UCRC program. Read more about April 2017 IAB Meeting Recap April 2017 Newsletter Read more about April 2017 Newsletter View More Copyright © 2017, NSF Net-Centric & Cloud Software & Systems (NCSS) Industry & University Cooperative Research Center (I/UCRC). 