 engineering   dr costas tsatsoulis Dr Costas Tsatsoulis College of Engineering engineering   dr costas tsatsoulis Dr Costas Tsatsoulis College of Engineering engineering   dr costas tsatsoulis Dr Costas Tsatsoulis College of Engineering engineering   dr costas tsatsoulis Dr Costas Tsatsoulis College of Engineering engineering   dr costas tsatsoulis Dr Costas Tsatsoulis College of Engineering engineering   dr costas tsatsoulis Dr Costas Tsatsoulis College of Engineering engineering   dr costas tsatsoulis Dr Costas Tsatsoulis College of Engineering engineering   dr costas tsatsoulis Dr Costas Tsatsoulis College of Engineering engineering   dr costas tsatsoulis Dr Costas Tsatsoulis College of Engineering engineering   dr costas tsatsoulis Dr Costas Tsatsoulis College of Engineering  Dr. Costas Tsatsoulis | College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving Home Dr. Costas Tsatsoulis Dean Discovery Park A145 940-565-4300/2500 costas.tsatsoulis@unt.edu Dr. Tsatsoulis serves as the dean of the UNT College of Engineering and holds a position as professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering. Dr. Tsatsoulis earned a doctoral degree in electrical engineering in 1987, a Master of Science degree in electrical engineering in 1984, a Bachelor of Arts degree in German in 1987, and a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering in 1983, all from Purdue University. Dr. Tsatsoulis was chair of the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of Kansas before becoming dean. There, he led the growth of the doctoral program; oversaw an increase in research funding, including a $21 million award from the National Science Foundation for a Science and Technology Center in 2005; and implemented a new master of science degree program in information technology, among other achievements. At the University of Kansas, Dr. Tsatsoulis served as assistant professor from 1988 to 1993, associate professor from 1993 to 1999, and professor from 1999 to 2008. He became interim chair of the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science in August 2003 and permanent chair in January 2004. He has been awarded more than $4.3 million in research funding as principal investigator from federal, industry, and state organizations, including the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, and the National Institutes of Health. As a co-investigator, he has been awarded more than $13.5 million in research funding. In addition, he has published more than 100 refereed papers and a book Dr. Tsatsoulis also served as vice president of research for Data Discovery, Inc., from 1992 to 1994; director of the Intelligent Design Laboratory in the Center for Excellence in Computer-Aided Systems Engineering at the University of Kansas from 1990 to 1997; visiting scientist at the Lockheed Artificial Intelligence Center in Palo Alto, Calif., from July to December 1995; and director of the Intelligent Systems and Information Management Laboratory at the University of Kansas Information Technology and Communications Center from 1997 to 2003. He has conducted research in multiagent systems, case-based reasoning, machine learning, and intelligent image analysis. His awards include the AT&T Engineering Education Excellence Award for the State of Kansas in 1995 and the Big 12 Faculty Fellowship in 1997, among others. Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 