 engineering   content dr tom derryberry Thomas Derryberry Ph D PE College of Engineering engineering   content dr tom derryberry Thomas Derryberry Ph D PE College of Engineering engineering   content dr tom derryberry Thomas Derryberry Ph D PE College of Engineering engineering   content dr tom derryberry Thomas Derryberry Ph D PE College of Engineering engineering   content dr tom derryberry Thomas Derryberry Ph D PE College of Engineering engineering   content dr tom derryberry Thomas Derryberry Ph D PE College of Engineering engineering   content dr tom derryberry Thomas Derryberry Ph D PE College of Engineering engineering   content dr tom derryberry Thomas Derryberry Ph D PE College of Engineering engineering   content dr tom derryberry Thomas Derryberry Ph D PE College of Engineering engineering   content dr tom derryberry Thomas Derryberry Ph D PE College of Engineering  Thomas Derryberry, Ph.D., PE | College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving Home Thomas Derryberry, Ph.D., PE Assistant Dean for Corporate Relations Discovery Park A154 940-565-4324 Tom.Derryberry@unt.edu Dr. R. Thomas (Tom) Derryberry brings over 27 years of industry engineering and business experience to UNT and serves as the assistant dean of corporate relations for UNT’s College of Engineering. Tom’s mission is expanding the College’s engagement with industry, and connecting its dedicated faculty and outstanding graduates with our current and many future corporate partners. Tom earned his Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering in 1995 from Southern Methodist University in Dallas, TX and his B.S. and M.S. Degrees in Electrical Engineering from the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, AR in 1985 and 1987 respectively. Tom joined Texas Instruments’ Advanced Signal Processing Group in 1988 where he developed advanced statistical signal processing and controls algorithms utilizing linear and nonlinear estimation theoretic techniques for detection and tracking of military targets of interest in Infrared (IR) and TV imagery, acoustic signal processing for helicopter tracking, radar signal processing using phased-array sensors, and software radios for wireless communications handheld devices for dismounted soldiers in ad-hoc networks. Tom joined Nokia Research Center’s (NRC) Radio Communications Laboratory in 1998 where he directed and set the strategy for their global R&D Program evolving 3GPP2 / 3GPP wireless communications systems targeting improved cellular system performance, global industry standardization, new products, and Intellectual Property (IPR) creation.  While there, he was the editor of the Evaluation Methodology Document (EMD) for cellular systems, which has become the de facto standard of wireless systems performance analysis in major standards forums such as 3GPP, 3GPP2, and IEEE. Tom chaired various 3GPP2 subgroups and Mobile TV groups resulting in the shaping of many of today’s popular wireless systems. Tom joined BlackBerry’s (formerly Research in Motion) Wireless Technology Development Division in 2013 where he provided technical vision, expertise, strategic direction, leadership, and mentoring of Radio Software Development team encompassing design, implementation, integration, and acceptance testing of new products. In this role his Dallas team had the mandate of "if there is a problem in the radio, find it and fix it". Tom’s technical interests are many given his eclectic skill set and background reaching “back when Moby Dick was a sardine.” He is the inventor/co-inventor of 15 issued patents shaping commercial wireless communications, authored/coauthored over 20 professional publications, given several invited presentations evangelizing wireless communications technologies, and served as a reviewer and technical program committee member in several IEEE conferences and publications. He is a member of Eta Kappa Nu and a Senior Member of the IEEE. About Us Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services About Discovery Park Take a Tour Maps & Directions History of the College Strategic Plan Organizational Chart Alumni Videos Photo Gallery Research Centers Center for Advanced Research and Technology Center for Advanced Scientific Computing and Modeling Center for Computational Epidemiology and Response Analysis Center for Information and Cyber Security Net-Centric Software and Systems Center PACCAR Technology Institute Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 