 engineering   about history History College of Engineering engineering   about history History College of Engineering engineering   about history History College of Engineering engineering   about history History College of Engineering engineering   about history History College of Engineering engineering   about history History College of Engineering engineering   about history History College of Engineering engineering   about history History College of Engineering engineering   about history History College of Engineering engineering   about history History College of Engineering  History | College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving Home » Overview History 2002 Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board Grants Approval for the College of Engineering. The departments included:  Computer Science and Engineering  Engineering Technology  Materials Science and Engineering 2004 The College of Engineering moved to Discovery Park from the main campus. The Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board approved the addition of the Department of Electrical Engineering. 2005 The Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board approved the construction of the Department of Engineering Technology. 2006 The Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board approved the Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering. PACCAR (Pacific Car and Foundry Company) Technology Institute was established at Discovery Park ($1.5 million donation from the PACCAR Foundation). 2009 Total College of Engineering enrollment reached 1,909 (undergraduate and graduate students). 2011 First student graduates from UNT-TWU Dual Degree Program. 2012 First UNT Engineering student to be awarded a prestigious National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship.  Completion of Zero Energy Lab. 2014 Establishment of Department of Biomedical Engineering. College celebrates the opening of 30,000 square feet of state-of-the-art research laboratory and teaching space. College receives approval for Ph.D. in mechanical and energy engineering, the first degree of its kind in Texas and one of the only doctoral programs specializing in energy applications in the field of Mechanical Engineering in the United States.  2015 College receives approval for Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering. 2016 Carnegie Classification Report ranks UNT as one of nation’s 115 top-tier research universities. About Us Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services About Discovery Park Take a Tour Maps & Directions History of the College Strategic Plan Organizational Chart Alumni Videos Photo Gallery Research Centers Center for Advanced Research and Technology Center for Advanced Scientific Computing and Modeling Center for Computational Epidemiology and Response Analysis Center for Information and Cyber Security Net-Centric Software and Systems Center PACCAR Technology Institute Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 