 studentaffairs   counseling and testing services Counseling and Testing Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   counseling and testing services Counseling and Testing Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   counseling and testing services Counseling and Testing Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   counseling and testing services Counseling and Testing Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   counseling and testing services Counseling and Testing Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   counseling and testing services Counseling and Testing Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   counseling and testing services Counseling and Testing Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   counseling and testing services Counseling and Testing Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   counseling and testing services Counseling and Testing Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   counseling and testing services Counseling and Testing Services Division of Student Affairs  Counseling and Testing Services | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Counseling and Testing Services » Home About Us » About Us Staff Services Guides Calendar Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Counseling and Testing Services Home About UsStaff Services Guides Calendar Contact DSA Home Counseling and Testing Services   ***At this point in the semester, we are experiencing a high volume of students requesting services and have a limited number of available individual appointments. If you are in need of counseling, please contact us for an initial consultation appointment (ICON). During this appointment, you will meet with a clinician who will work to assist you with your concerns and discuss options for individual counseling, group counseling, TAO, and/or workshops. The clinician may also discuss community referral options.*** Counseling and Testing Services (CTS) provides comprehensive psychological services to University of North Texas students.  CTS consists of two inter-related parts: Counseling Services and Testing Services.  Through our Counseling Services, we provide free-of-charge services and strive to support the academic success and general well-being of UNT students through individual counseling, group counseling, TAO (Therapist Assisted Online), and workshops, career counseling, consultation, educational programs, and crisis intervention.  Additionally, we provide training for master’s and doctoral-level student clinicians in mental-health related programs.  Our staff consists of licensed clinicians, or clinicians in the process of obtaining licensure, as well as graduate-level trainees and interns.  Counseling Services is in Chestnut Hall, Suite 311, and can be reached at (940) 565-2741. Through our Testing Services, we provide a wide range of services including traditional admissions testing, computer-based testing, career testing, and other tests.  These tests may be administered free or for a charge, depending on the particular examination.  Of note, Testing Services is in the Gateway Center, Room 140, and can be reached at (940) 369-7617. We value diversity and strive to provide an environment that is welcoming and accepting to students, regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, age, sexual identity, gender identity or expression, citizenship, or physical status.   How Do I Make an Initial Appointment   Hours of Operation  Counseling Center  Regular Office Hours: Monday - Thursday: 8 AM - 6 PM Friday: 8am - 5pm Located in Chestnut Hall Suite 311 Telephone: (940) 565-2741 Testing Services Tuesday - Saturday: 7 AM - 7 PM Located in The Gateway Center Room 140 Telephone: (940) 369-7617 MHMR: (940)-381-500 Denton County Crisis Hotline: (800)-762-0157 Dallas Suicide & Crisis Center: (214)-828-1000 Family Violence Shelter/Denton Co. Friends of the Family: Non-Crisis: (940)-387-5131   Crisis: (940)-382-7273   ***National Suicide Prevention Lifeline: (800)-373-TALK*** Services by CTS Liaisonships CTS appreciates and values the collaboration between our department and others, and strive to understand the... By: Counseling and Testing Services Group Counseling and Workshops Working on issues within a group setting can be a highly supportive and productive way to address personal... By: Counseling and Testing Services Therapist Assisted Online Counseling TAO (Therapist Assisted Online Counseling) is an innovative way to visit with your therapist, access tools... By: Counseling and Testing Services Training Program A valued activity at CTS is supervising and training student clinicians, as they develop and refine clinical... By: Counseling and Testing Services Mind-Spa The Mind Spa is a self-help room at CTS that promotes anxiety management skills, mood management skills and... By: Counseling and Testing Services Couples Counseling Couples Counseling By: Counseling and Testing Services Testing Services Testing Services. By: Counseling and Testing Services Body Image & Eating Awareness Team The Body Image & Eating Awareness Team is a collaborative multidisciplinary team of caring fitness,... By: Counseling and Testing Services Connect with Us counselingandtestingservices@unt.edu This e-mail address should not be used to schedule or reschedule appointments. Please contact our office for scheduling inquiries. (940) 565-2741 Physical AddressChestnut Hall, Suite 311 Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 