 hps   current students scholarships Scholarships College of Health and Public Service hps   current students scholarships Scholarships College of Health and Public Service hps   current students scholarships Scholarships College of Health and Public Service hps   current students scholarships Scholarships College of Health and Public Service hps   current students scholarships Scholarships College of Health and Public Service hps   current students scholarships Scholarships College of Health and Public Service hps   current students scholarships Scholarships College of Health and Public Service hps   current students scholarships Scholarships College of Health and Public Service hps   current students scholarships Scholarships College of Health and Public Service hps   current students scholarships Scholarships College of Health and Public Service  Scholarships | College of Health and Public Service Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Degrees Career Paths Getting Started at UNT Current Students » Current Students HPS Ambassadors Advising » Advising HPS Majors and Minors Location, Hours, and Scheduling Appointments FAQ HPS Graduation Checkout Survey Graduation Packet Computer Lab Scholarships Student Organizations Education » Education Undergraduate Graduate Certificates Minors Continuing Education Training Engagement » Engagement PACE Hungry for Change Student Organizations Departments » Departments Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Behavior Analysis Community & Professional Programs Criminal Justice Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation Emergency Management & Disaster Science Public Administration Social Work Academic Advising HPS IT People » People HPS Alumni Faculty/Staff Circle of Impact Advisory Board GIVE Search form Search College of Health and Public Service MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Health and Public Service Main menu Home Future StudentsDegrees Career Paths Getting Started at UNT Current StudentsHPS Ambassadors AdvisingHPS Majors and Minors Location, Hours, and Scheduling Appointments FAQ HPS Graduation Checkout Survey Graduation Packet Computer Lab Scholarships Student Organizations EducationUndergraduate Graduate Certificates Minors Continuing Education Training EngagementPACE Hungry for Change Student Organizations DepartmentsAudiology and Speech-Language Pathology Behavior Analysis Community & Professional Programs Criminal Justice Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation Emergency Management & Disaster Science Public Administration Social Work Academic Advising HPS IT PeopleAdvisory Board Circle of Impact Faculty/Staff HPS Alumni GIVE Scholarships Advising Computer Lab Scholarships Student Organizations HPS (PACS) Scholarships Applications for 2017-2018 scholarships are now closed. Check back in Fall 2017 for details on 2018-2019 applications.   Thousands of dollars in scholarships are awarded to HPS students each year thanks to generous support from HPS donors. Some scholarships are open to all HPS (formerly PACS) students while others are available only to specific majors through the college’s academic departments. See bottom of page for more information on each scholarship. The priority due date is Friday, March 31, 2017 for most HPS scholarships. See individual applications for full details. HPS college-wide (ALL students) scholarship application (PDF) due March 31, 2017 open to ALL HPS majors Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology scholarship application page due March 31, 2017 Behavior Analysis No scholarships offered to undergraduate students for 2017-2018. Contact Ruth Cross at Ruth.Cross@unt.edu or 940-565-2274 for details on graduate student scholarships. Community and Professional Programs (BAAS degree) scholarship applications: Evenson Nygard (PDF) and Whittemore (PDF)  due March 31, 2017 Criminal Justice scholarship application page   due March 31, 2017 Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation scholarship application page due March 31, 2017 Emergency Management and Disaster Science scholarship application page   due March 31, 2017 Public Administration Sumners scholarship application (PDF) due April 1, 2017 Visit the PADM Scholarships page for details on other scholarships offered throughout the year Social Work No application required Questions? Contact Cecilia Thomas at cecilia.thomas@unt.edu or 940-369-7095 Questions about scholarships? Contact Advising at 940-565-4115 or HPS@unt.edu. All Majors Gail Rola Memorial Service Learning Scholarship Open to undergraduate students enrolled full time in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service with a 2.5 GPA or above and who can demonstrate financial need.  Considered applicants must also participate in service to the community through either their own volunteer efforts or in service-learning courses.  The completion of two short essays is also required as part of the application. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. HPS Advisory Board Scholarship Created by the HPS Advisory Board this scholarship is open to undergraduate students enrolled fulltime in the College of Health and Public Service with a 3.0 GPA or above. The completion of two short essays is required as part of the application. Typical scholarship awards are $1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Joyce Ann Brown/Popo Gonzalez Scholarship Open to undergraduate students enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service with a 2.5 GPA or above.  The completion of two short essays is also required as part of the application. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Scholarship for Service Learning Programs in Mexico Open to undergraduate students enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service with a 2.5 GPA or above. This scholarship is awarded to students who wish to enroll in a Service-Learning-Community Development field school in Mexico, led by faculty from PACS. Award preference will be given to students working on service projects in: (first) Tapalpa, (second) Mazamitla, and (third) other cities in Mexico.  The completion of two short essays is also required as part of the application. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. The William A. Luker Scholarship In honor of Dr. William A. Luker, Dean of PACS from 1982-1991, this scholarship is open to graduate student’s enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service with a 3.0 GPA or above.  The completion of two short essays demonstrating an exceptional record for human service and recommendation letters attesting to the integrity and potential of the applicant are also required. No awardee may work more than 20 hours per week, including work as a teaching fellow, a research assistant, or in the college Work Study Program. Typical scholarship awards may not exceed $10,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Bachelors of Applied Arts & Sciences Alice Cruden Evenson and Herbena Nygard Scholarship Established in honor of Alice Cruden Evenson and Herbena Nygard to provide support for Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences (BAAS) majors who aspire to make a positive impact for the common good of others and whose career plans include some type of public service.  Open to undergraduate students enrolled full-time in the BAAS program in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, who have earned at least 60 credit hours, but not more than 89 credit hours towards their degree, with a 3.0 GPA or above.  The completion of an essay describing applicants career objectives in no more than 1,000 words is also required as part of the application.  Typical scholarship awards are $1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Melissa Michele Whittemore Memorial Scholarship Established by Ed and Kay Whittemore in honor of their beloved daughter, Melissa, who was a senior in the Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences (BAAS) program at the time of her death, this scholarship provides support for non-traditional students working towards completing their BAAS degree in the College of Public Affairs and Community Service.  Open to undergraduate students enrolled full-time, with a 3.0 GPA or above, who have completed 59 hours of college course work at a community college and/or obtained an associate degree, or completed 59 hours of college course work at a four-year university.  Candidates must have graduated from high school at least 17 years prior to the application date as well as commit to attending UNT to complete a bachelor’s degree.  Preference will be given to a student who has earned an associate’s degree or completed two years at UNT and is in good academic standing. Typical scholarship awards are $1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Applied Gerontology Clarence M. Ball Scholarship Fund Established by Applied Gerontology alumnus Clarence Ball in 1990, this scholarship is open to graduate student’s enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, working towards a master’s degree and who are pursuing careers in administration of long-term care facilities and/or retirement housing. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Cora A. Martin Scholarship Fund Established in honor of Cora A. Martin, co-founder of the Center for Studies in Aging, at the time of her retirement in 1991, this scholarship is open to graduate student’s enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, working towards a master’s degree in Applied Gerontology. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. CSA Scholarship Established circa 1982, with the support from Applied Gerontology alumni, this scholarship is open to graduate student’s enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, working towards a master’s degree in Applied Gerontology. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Grace Ann Dudney Memorial Scholarship Established in 1986 by University of North Texas alumna Linda Dudney and her husband, Philip Dudney, in memory of Grace Ann Dudney, this scholarship is open to graduate student’s enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, with a 2.5 GPA or above, and working towards a master’s degree in Applied Gerontology.   Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Harry R. Kendall Scholarship Established from the Kendall Trust with the Board of Global Ministries of the United Methodist Church in 1990, this scholarship is open to graduate and undergraduate student’s enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, working towards a degree in Applied Gerontology, and who are pursuing careers in the administration of long-term care facilities and/or retirement housing. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Mary Jane Dowse Memorial Scholarship Established in 2002 with a bequest from University of North Texas alumna Mary Jane Dowse, this scholarship is open to graduate student’s enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, with a 2.5 GPA or above, and working towards a degree in Applied Gerontology. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Memorial Scholarship Established in the 1980s with gifts from numerous donors, this scholarship is open to graduate student’s enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, working towards a master’s degree in Applied Gerontology.   Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Rapoport/Friedsam Scholarship Established by Bernard and Audre Rapoport in 1994, in honor of Hiram J. Friedsam, co-founder of the Center for Studies in Aging, this scholarship is open to graduate student’s enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, working towards a master’s degree in Applied Gerontology, with a 2.5 GPA or above, and who are pursuing careers in services to the aging population. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Behavior Analysis Donald L. Whaley Memorial Scholarship Open to graduate student’s enrolled in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, working towards a master’s degree in Behavior Analysis.  Recipients must be enrolled for a minimum of 6 semester credit hours any semester they receive scholarship funds. Typical scholarship awards are $1,000, distributed equally across fall and spring semesters. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Douglas P. Field Scholarship for Graduate Student Research Open to graduate student’s enrolled in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, working towards a master’s degree in Behavior Analysis and in the process of completing an experimental thesis.  Awards vary depending on the costs of the student's thesis and the amount of money available for scholarships in a given year. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Grace of a Miracle Scholarship Established by the generosity of Behavior Analysis Alumni, Tammy Lynn Cline Soza, this scholarship is open to graduate and undergraduate student’s enrolled in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, working towards a degree in Behavior Analysis, with a 2.5 GPA or above.  Preference shall be given to students pursuing a career in behavior analysis committed to helping children with autism and their families with an emphasis on parent training, sibling involvement, interdisciplinary collaboration and community engagement. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Criminal Justice J. Edgar Hoover CJUS Student Scholarship Open to undergraduate student’s enrolled in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, working towards a bachelor’s degree in Criminal Justice, who have completed 75 credit hours toward their undergraduate degree, with at least 15 of those credit hours completed at the University of North Texas as well as have a 3.0 GPA or above.  Completion of a 500 word or less essay is also required as part of the application. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Jacob Andrew Fritsch Memorial Scholarship Open to undergraduate student’s enrolled in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, working towards a bachelor’s degree in Criminal Justice with a 2.5 GPA or above.  Completion of a 500 word or less essay is also required as part of the application. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Tory J. Caeti Memorial Scholarship Established in memory of Tory J. Caeti, an Associate Professor in the Department of Criminal Justice at the University of North Texas, this scholarship is open to graduate students enrolled in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, working towards a master’s degree in Criminal Justice with a 3.0 GPA or above.  Completion of an essay is also required as part of the application. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation Ft. Worth Area Texas Rehabilitation Association Scholarship Open to graduate and undergraduate, junior or senior, student’s enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, working towards a degree in Rehabilitation Studies or Rehabilitation Counseling, with a 3.0 GPA or above.  Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Ken Miner Scholarship In honor of Ken Miner, chair and faculty member of the department, who provided many year of professional leadership this scholarship is open to undergraduate juniors and seniors and graduate rehabilitation majors enrolled full time in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, who are clearly outstanding in terms of academic performance, with a 3.0 GPA or above.     Typical scholarship awards are $200. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. The Dan Minahan Memorial Scholarship In honor of Dan Minahan III, a graduate of the Rehabilitation Studies program and a longtime supporter of the University of North Texas intercollegiate athletics programs this scholarship is open to undergraduate student’s enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, working towards a degree in Rehabilitation Studies, with a 3.0 GPA or above.  Incoming freshman may qualify for this scholarship if they have ranked in the top quarter of their graduating high school class and have a minimum score on the SAT of 1,000 or a 24 on the ACT. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Emergency Administration Tom Joslin Memorial Scholarship Established in memory of Tom Joslin, one of the first faculty members of the Emergency Administration and Planning program at the University of North Texas, this scholarship is open to students who are at least a sophomore at the time the award is made, who are enrolled fulltime in the college of Public Affairs and Community Service with a 3.0 GPA or above and who are committed to a career in emergency management.  Applicants should demonstrate leadership qualities and involvement in community service activities.  The completion of an essay as well as two letters of reference from sources outside of the EADP program are required as part of the application. Scholarships are awarded each year in the amount of $1,000 payable in two installments ($500 in the fall and spring semesters). *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Public Administration Charldean Newell Award in Public Administration Established in honor of Dr. Charldean Newell, a founding member of the Department of Public Administration in the College of Public Affairs and Community Service, this fund provides support for, but which is not limited to: guest lectures, scholarships, and general awards through the Department of Public Administration at the University of North Texas. Clarence E. Riley Scholarship Sponsored by the Texas City Management Association, the Ridley scholarship provides $3,500 for one year of study. This scholarship is open to second year graduate students with full or part-time enrollment status. Applicants should have a strong career interest in municipal management. The application deadline is usually mid-December and is made to TCMA. Debra Brooks Feazelle Internship Award Established to provide support to MPA students in the Department of Public Administration who are completing a 440 hour internship with a qualifying small city or nonprofit organization. This scholarship is open to graduate students enrolled full-time in the MPA program in the College of Public Affairs and Community Service. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. Award will be distributed as hourly compensation during the duration of employment. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. E. Ray Griffin Scholarship Established in 1995 in honor of Dr. E. Ray Griffin, who helped create the MPA program in 1961, this scholarship is open to graduate students within the Department of Public Administration, enrolled fulltime in college of Public Affairs and Community Service, with a 3.0 GPA or above.  Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Hatton W. Sumners Scholarship Open to students enrolled full-time in the MPA program within the Department of Public Affairs at the University of North Texas.  Applicants must be beginning, full-time pre-career students interested in an administrative career in local government.  Five scholarships are awarded each year by the department. The awards are for 18 months and are worth $27,000 each; $12,000 is awarded as a stipend and paid over 16 months ($750 per month), and the remaining $15,000 is applied toward tuition. For the first 12 months, students serve as research assistants to faculty members for 10 hours a week. The department begins reviewing applications April 1. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Lynn F. Anderson Fellowship Sponsored by the Government Finance Officers Association of Texas, an annual one-year award of $4,000 is provided to a student interested in financial management. The application deadline is usually March or April and is made to GFOAT. MPA Alumni Scholarships Funded by donations from alumni and friends the MPA Alumni Scholarships are awarded in two ways: 1) Students may apply for an award prior to enrolling in the graduate program by completing the MPA Alumni Scholarship Application and submitting the requested information to the MPA Program Coordinator.  Recipients of an Alumni Scholarship must be enrolled full time. Students currently enrolled in the MPA program may also apply for an Alumni Scholarship.  Applicants must have completed at least 9 hours in the graduate program, excluding transferred hours, but not more than 24 hours, and have a cumulative graduate GPA of at least 3.70.  Recipients of an Alumni Scholarship must be enrolled full time.  Recipients of a Hatton W. Sumners Scholarship or employed as a TA, TF or Research Assistant by the Department of Public Administration are not eligible.  The department's scholarship committee will use the following deadlines in making award decisions: June 1, August 1 and January 1. 2) Full time department faculty members may nominate students for an alumni scholarship by requesting that a candidate complete the MPA Alumni Scholarship Application form.  Both eligibility and the review process are the same as that used for self-applicants.  Nominations may be made throughout the year. Renewal of an Alumni Scholarship requires reapplication or re-nomination.  All awards are for tuition and fees while students are enrolled in the MPA program.  Award amounts will vary depending on (1) the availability of funding and (2) the qualifications of the applicant or nominee.  The MPA Program Coordinator will notify the scholarship committee of the amount of funding available for distribution at each award cycle.  Awards will be announced by the MPA Program Coordinator. Social Work Adam Main Courage and Perseverance Award Established in memory of Adam Main, a senior in the Social Work program at the College of Public Affairs and Community Service, this scholarship is open undergraduate student’s enrolled fulltime in the Department of Community and Professional Programs who currently are working towards a degree in Social Work, within their final semester of the program, with a 3.0 GPA or above and who can demonstrate financial need.  Special consideration is given to applicants who have demonstrated courage and determination in dealing with a life challenge. The completion of a two page essay is also required as part of the application. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000 and are awarded in the spring of each year. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Fannie Belle Gaupp Scholarship Established in honor of Fannie Belle Gaupp, the founding social work Director at the college of Public Affairs and Community Service, this scholarship is open undergraduate student’s enrolled fulltime in the Department of Community and Professional Programs who currently are working towards a degree in Social Work, with a 3.0 GPA or above.  Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Social Work/Title IV-E Child Welfare Scholarship Established to provide financial support to qualified social work students who are preparing for careers in Child Protective Services (CPS), this scholarship is open to undergraduate students who have successfully completed SOWK 4700 as well as other social work degree requirements.  To be eligible for consideration, an applicant must also attend the Title IV-E Orientation Seminar, be eligible to graduate after field placement, complete Title IV-E application packet, pass the required background checks, pass the Texas Department of Family and Protective Services (TDFPS) pre-employment screening test and contract with TDFPS Child Protective Service for employment upon graduation from UNT.  Typical stipend is $5500 and up to eight of these training stipends are awarded each year. For more information please contact Cassidy Baker. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Speech and Hearing Sciences Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Scholarship Open to classified Senior Speech-Language Pathology majors in the College of Public Affairs and Community Service, with a 3.4 GPA or above who intend to attend graduate school. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Undergraduate Scholarship Open to undergraduate or graduate students enrolled full-time in the College of Public Affairs and Community Service, who are working towards a degree in the Department of Speech and Hearing Sciences, with a 3.0 GPA or above. Typical scholarship awards range from $250-$1000.  The number of competitive awards given each year is dependent on the number of applicants. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Bill and Billie K. Johnson Class of the Forties Scholarship Open to undergraduate and graduate students enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affairs and Community Service, who are working towards a degree in Speech and Hearing Sciences with a 3.0 GPA or above. Typical scholarship awards range from $250-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Brenda L. Petersen Scholarship Open to undergraduate student’s enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affair and Community Service, who are interested in pursuing a degree in Audiology within the Department of Speech and Hearing Sciences, with a 3.0 GPA or above. Typical scholarship awards range from $250-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Dr. Sandra L. Terrell Scholarship Open to graduate student’s enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affair and Community Service, who are interested in pursuing a graduate degree within the Department of Speech and Hearing Sciences with a 3.0 GPA or above. Typical scholarship awards range from $250-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Pat Summers Scholarship Established to provide travel support to attend scholarly conferences and present posters and or presentations, this scholarship is open to graduate students enrolled full-time in Speech and Hearing Sciences programs within the College of Public Affairs and Community Service, with a 3.0 GPA or above. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Speech and Language Pathology Graduate Student Scholarship Open to graduate students enrolled fulltime in the Speech-Language Pathology program in the College of Public Affairs and Community Service, with a 3.0 GPA or above. Typical scholarship awards range from $250-$1000.  The number of competitive awards given each year is dependent on the number of applicants. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment. Visit Us Chilton Hall 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311340 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-2239 HPS@unt.edu Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 