 hps   future students degrees graduate Graduate College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees graduate Graduate College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees graduate Graduate College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees graduate Graduate College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees graduate Graduate College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees graduate Graduate College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees graduate Graduate College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees graduate Graduate College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees graduate Graduate College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees graduate Graduate College of Health and Public Service  Graduate | College of Health and Public Service Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Degrees Career Paths Getting Started at UNT Current Students » Current Students HPS Ambassadors Advising » Advising HPS Majors and Minors Location, Hours, and Scheduling Appointments FAQ HPS Graduation Checkout Survey Graduation Packet Computer Lab Scholarships Student Organizations Education » Education Undergraduate Graduate Certificates Minors Continuing Education Training Engagement » Engagement PACE Hungry for Change Student Organizations Departments » Departments Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Behavior Analysis Community & Professional Programs Criminal Justice Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation Emergency Management & Disaster Science Public Administration Social Work Academic Advising HPS IT People » People HPS Alumni Faculty/Staff Circle of Impact Advisory Board GIVE Search form Search College of Health and Public Service MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Health and Public Service Main menu Home Future StudentsDegrees Career Paths Getting Started at UNT Current StudentsHPS Ambassadors AdvisingHPS Majors and Minors Location, Hours, and Scheduling Appointments FAQ HPS Graduation Checkout Survey Graduation Packet Computer Lab Scholarships Student Organizations EducationUndergraduate Graduate Certificates Minors Continuing Education Training EngagementPACE Hungry for Change Student Organizations DepartmentsAudiology and Speech-Language Pathology Behavior Analysis Community & Professional Programs Criminal Justice Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation Emergency Management & Disaster Science Public Administration Social Work Academic Advising HPS IT PeopleAdvisory Board Circle of Impact Faculty/Staff HPS Alumni GIVE HPS Facts Degrees Career Paths Getting Started at UNT Master's Degrees Board Certified Behavior Analyst (BCBA) or Board Certified Assistant Behavior Analyst In Behavior Analysis, change is good and often has a lasting, positive impact on a business, school, or individual. The Master of Science degree in Behavior Analysis offers two tracks, depending upon career interest: the applied track prepares for work as a behavior analyst upon graduation while the research track prepares for further studies in a doctoral program. Courses are also offered that focus on Autism or lead to certification in Applied Behavior Analysis. Degree Details UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Criminal Justice (MSCJ) The Master of Science degree in Criminal Justice improves ability to take informed and thoughtful actions as an administrator, researcher, police officer, probation officer or case worker in the criminal justice system. The curriculum provides understanding of the nature and scope of problems posed by crime and the operation and administration of the criminal justice system from theoretical, practical and empirical standpoints. Specialized electives allow for customizing the MS degree to meet professional and personal goals. Degree details: campus based and 100% online UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Health Services Administration (MS) Leaders in the current health care delivery environment seek a broad based graduate education that offers the opportunity to assume a leadership role in a health care delivery setting that serves a broader spectrum of the population. This program provides the broad foundation in health services administration that future leaders seek, and also provides choices for a specialized area of expertise. At the master's level, we currently offer concentrations in applied gerontology, data analytics, long term care, and rehabilitation services. Additional concentrations in other areas will be added in the future.  Degree details   UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Public Administration (MPA) Prepare for leadership roles in public or nonprofit organizations with a Master of Public Administration degree. The programs offers courses that focus on timely and critical topics such as city and county management, economic development and growth management, managing a nonprofit organization, and emergency and disaster planning, among others. The M.P.A. program teaches time-tested management theories for real-world application. With a strong network of more than 1,400 alumni, this is the state’s best public administration master’s program (city management and urban policy), according to U.S. News & World Report and it ranks 8th nationally. The M.P.A. offers many opportunities for meaningful, hands-on research. Degree details UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Rehabilitation Counseling (MS) Rehabilitation Counselors are the only professional counselors educated and trained specifically to serve individuals with disabilities. Rehabilitation Counselors assist individuals with physical, mental, developmental, cognitive, and emotional disabilities to achieve their personal, career, and independent living goals. Rehabilitation Counselors engage in a counseling process which includes communication, goal setting, and beneficial growth or change through self-advocacy, psychological, vocational, social, and behavioral interventions. The program is ranked #1 in Texas and #13 in the nation by U.S. News & World Report. Degree details UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Speech-Language Pathology (MS) The Master’s program in Speech-Language Pathology (MS-SLP) provides an academic and clinical professional education for students whose career goal is to serve children and adults with disorders of communication and related difficulties. The MS-SLP degree at UNT prepares graduate students to be professionally competent clinicians working in educational and medical settings.  The program provides course instruction and clinical practicum experience that will enable students to satisfy the educational and clinical requirements for national professional certification and state licensure in speech-language pathology.    Two options are available: 39 semester hours of coursework, or 33 semester hours of coursework plus 6 semester hours of thesis credit. In addition to the coursework, students are also mandated to register for clinical practicum to earn the minimum of 25 observation hours and 375 clock hours of supervised practicum required for state licensure and ASHA’s Certificate of Clinical Competence.  Students on the non-thesis track will be required to take and pass a written comprehensive examination in the major area of study.  Students on the thesis track will be examined by the thesis committee on the thesis topic.  Degree details UNT Catalog 2016-2017   Doctoral Degrees Audiology (AuD) In order to become a practicing audiologist, students must obtain a clinical doctorate (Au.D).  The well-rounded program at UNT allows students to gain valuable research experience by working with faculty members on various projects. The department maintains laboratories for research, clinical treatment rooms, a clinic library, a student workroom and a computer lab. Doctoral students will complete 2,000 clock hours of clinical training and 70 academic hours of coursework during the first three years of the program. The fourth year of the program consists of a yearlong externship in clinical training. Students will benefit from opportunities in research and clinical practice because of the solid network UNT has developed throughout the Metroplex and across the United States.  Degree details UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Health Services Research (PhD) The PhD in Health Services Research provides a broad foundation in public health concerns, research and evaluation methods, and health and social policy analysis to meet the demands of a dynamic health services delivery environment. The Ph.D. program in Health Services Research (HSR) provides opportunities for specialized expertise across several Concentration areas: Applied Gerontology, Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology, and Rehabilitation Science. Graduates of the PhD Program in Health Services Research will be prepared to function as educators, researchers and leaders in health services. You may find future graduates working as university faculty; health research policy analysts with government and non-profit agencies; or as health systems administrators in the public or private industry. The degree program graduates will be prepared to address research, education, service delivery, and policy challenges requiring an interdisciplinary perspective across various service settings. Degree details UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Public Administration & Management (PhD) The Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in Public Administration and Management is a selective program that admits a small number of students (8 to 10) during the fall semester of each year. The program trains students for scholarly careers in field of public administration with specializations including urban management, nonprofit management, public financial management and emergency management. The program seeks to train and to mentor students as they work with faculty and independently to conduct research that is recognized both nationally and internationally. Coursework in the program includes both qualitative and quantitative analysis informed by theory from the cutting edge of public administration and management scholarship. Both faculty and students benefit from access to the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex, which presents a superb laboratory for research into the complex and compelling issues facing the public today. Degree details UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Visit Us Chilton Hall 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311340 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-2239 HPS@unt.edu Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 