 hps   future students degrees certificates Certificates College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees certificates Certificates College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees certificates Certificates College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees certificates Certificates College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees certificates Certificates College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees certificates Certificates College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees certificates Certificates College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees certificates Certificates College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees certificates Certificates College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees certificates Certificates College of Health and Public Service  Certificates | College of Health and Public Service Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Degrees Career Paths Getting Started at UNT Current Students » Current Students HPS Ambassadors Advising » Advising HPS Majors and Minors Location, Hours, and Scheduling Appointments FAQ HPS Graduation Checkout Survey Graduation Packet Computer Lab Scholarships Student Organizations Education » Education Undergraduate Graduate Certificates Minors Continuing Education Training Engagement » Engagement PACE Hungry for Change Student Organizations Departments » Departments Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Behavior Analysis Community & Professional Programs Criminal Justice Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation Emergency Management & Disaster Science Public Administration Social Work Academic Advising HPS IT People » People HPS Alumni Faculty/Staff Circle of Impact Advisory Board GIVE Search form Search College of Health and Public Service MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Health and Public Service Main menu Home Future StudentsDegrees Career Paths Getting Started at UNT Current StudentsHPS Ambassadors AdvisingHPS Majors and Minors Location, Hours, and Scheduling Appointments FAQ HPS Graduation Checkout Survey Graduation Packet Computer Lab Scholarships Student Organizations EducationUndergraduate Graduate Certificates Minors Continuing Education Training EngagementPACE Hungry for Change Student Organizations DepartmentsAudiology and Speech-Language Pathology Behavior Analysis Community & Professional Programs Criminal Justice Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation Emergency Management & Disaster Science Public Administration Social Work Academic Advising HPS IT PeopleAdvisory Board Circle of Impact Faculty/Staff HPS Alumni GIVE HPS Facts Degrees Career Paths Getting Started at UNT Certificates Alternative Dispute Resolution Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) is a collection of proven, cost-effective strategies used to address disputes outside the courtroom. Gain a competitive edge by learning the skills used to resolve conflicts in marriage, business, education, the community, and in government. Program Requirements 2016-2017 UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Applied Gerontology Undergraduate Certificate The Applied Gerontology Program focuses on the processes of aging, changes in individuals as they age, how society affects and is affected by aging, and how current information and technology can be implemented to help care for the aging. The Applied Gerontology program gives graduates a broader springboard into future careers found in many areas of public as well as private entities. UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Board Certified Behavior Analyst (BCBA) or Board Certified Assistant Behavior Analyst Behavior Analysis Online (BAO) delivers high quality behavior analysis courses using advanced instructional technologies. Our mission is to share the power of behavior analysis in ways that improve life for people and organizations across the globe. Our course sequence is approved by the Behavior Analysis Certification Board (BACB) and is geared towards students who want to be board certified as a Behavior Analyst (BCBA) or Assistant Behavior Analyst (BCaBA). All our courses are online, self-paced and accessible 24/7. The Fast-Track program allows our students to advance through the material at an accelerated pace. BAO’s continuing education lectures and workshops have been curated by renowned behavior analysts, who have designed the activities with their students in mind, providing an interactive and original learning experience. Certificate Details Campus Safety and Security Administration This nine-hour certificate addresses the needs of working professionals currently in the field of campus public safety or an associated area such as student affairs. It is designed to provide current and future police and security professionals along with associated individuals with a "first of its kind" advanced credential with a unique specialization in campus police and security operations in higher education. Certificate details Correctional Executive Leadership The graduate academic certificate in Correctional Executive Leadership provides students with a solid foundation in the concepts, theories and practices in corrections and helps professionals hone their skills and increase their knowledge to prepare them for advancement in the correctional field (Probation, Parole or Institutional). Courses emphasize management, leadership and agency administration with a focus on theory and corrections-related analysis. Certificate details Criminalistics The criminalistics certificate program at UNT teaches students to recognize, collect, and document items of physical evidence. Students learn the capabilities as well as the limitations of criminalistics laboratories that analyze the evidence collected by investigators. Program Requirements 2016-2017 UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Family Mediation* Mediation and alternative dispute resolution (ADR) practices continue to grow in the U.S. and throughout much of the world as preferred alternatives to litigation and violence. Increasingly, the court system recognizes that divorce and child custody disputes are best resolved by parents with the assistance of qualified mediators. A family mediator serves as a neutral third party to help participants explore and find mutually acceptable solutions. The widespread growth of mediation creates the need for the university community to meet the challenge to produce graduates who are well versed in the area. As documentation that graduates are both knowledgeable and practiced in this subject, UNT offers a non-academic Certificate in Family Mediation. Certificate details Mediation* Mediation and alternative dispute resolution (ADR) practices continue to grow in the U.S. and throughout much of the world as preferred alternatives to litigation and violence. The basic mastery of mediation competencies is increasingly valued by employers. The widespread growth of ADR creates the need for the university community to meet the challenge to produce graduates who are well versed in the area. As documentation that graduates are both knowledgeable and practiced in this subject, UNT offers a non-academic Certificate in Mediation. Certificate details Police Executive Leadership Enrollment in the Graduate Academic Certificate in Police Executive Leadership program is available to all graduate students. Full-time law enforcement managers who have completed the Management College/School of Executive Leadership at the Institute for Law Enforcement Administration (ILEA) or the Lieutenant's Course at the Caruth Police Institute can receive credit toward the Graduate Academic Certificate in Police Executive Leadership for completing of these training programs. Certificate details Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Certificate The post-graduate advanced certificate in rehabilitation counseling is designed for current and aspiring rehabilitation counselors who intend to pursue the certified rehabilitation counselor credential, per Category R established by the Commission on Rehabilitation Counselor Certification. UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Certificate The certificate in Rehabilitation Studies addresses an unmet need in the job market. Entry-level community rehabilitation providers need skills to properly serve people with disabilities. Because this program is offered through distance learning, current rehabilitation workers seeking higher education have greater access to strengthen their skills and address this much needed area. Certificate Details UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Specialist in Aging Graduate Certificate The graduate academic certificate is designed for health and human service professionals who wish to complement their existing knowledge and skills with an understanding of aging and services for the aged. Faculty of two- and four-year colleges and universities and doctoral candidates in other fields may also find the specialist certificate a valuable adjunct to their academic credentials. UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Substance Use Disorder Treatment The substance use disorder treatment certificate helps students prepare for licensure as a chemical dependency counselor (LCDC).  Program Requirements 2016-2017 UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Volunteer & Community Resource Management This certificate prepares professionals to work in all variations of the nonprofit sector while adding a competitive edge to their careers through specialized training. Strategies to engage and manage a diverse volunteer workforce are explored through on-line courses in volunteer management, program planning and evaluation, community asset mapping and leadership. Program Requirements 2016-2017  UNT Catalog 2016-2017   *Indicates non-academic certificate. Visit Us Chilton Hall 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311340 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-2239 HPS@unt.edu Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 