 hps   future students degrees minors Minors College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees minors Minors College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees minors Minors College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees minors Minors College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees minors Minors College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees minors Minors College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees minors Minors College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees minors Minors College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees minors Minors College of Health and Public Service hps   future students degrees minors Minors College of Health and Public Service  Minors | College of Health and Public Service Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Degrees Career Paths Getting Started at UNT Current Students » Current Students HPS Ambassadors Advising » Advising HPS Majors and Minors Location, Hours, and Scheduling Appointments FAQ HPS Graduation Checkout Survey Graduation Packet Computer Lab Scholarships Student Organizations Education » Education Undergraduate Graduate Certificates Minors Continuing Education Training Engagement » Engagement PACE Hungry for Change Student Organizations Departments » Departments Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Behavior Analysis Community & Professional Programs Criminal Justice Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation Emergency Management & Disaster Science Public Administration Social Work Academic Advising HPS IT People » People HPS Alumni Faculty/Staff Circle of Impact Advisory Board GIVE Search form Search College of Health and Public Service MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Health and Public Service Main menu Home Future StudentsDegrees Career Paths Getting Started at UNT Current StudentsHPS Ambassadors AdvisingHPS Majors and Minors Location, Hours, and Scheduling Appointments FAQ HPS Graduation Checkout Survey Graduation Packet Computer Lab Scholarships Student Organizations EducationUndergraduate Graduate Certificates Minors Continuing Education Training EngagementPACE Hungry for Change Student Organizations DepartmentsAudiology and Speech-Language Pathology Behavior Analysis Community & Professional Programs Criminal Justice Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation Emergency Management & Disaster Science Public Administration Social Work Academic Advising HPS IT PeopleAdvisory Board Circle of Impact Faculty/Staff HPS Alumni GIVE HPS Facts Degrees Career Paths Getting Started at UNT Minors Addiction Studies The minor in Addiction Studies is for students interested in working with persons experiencing addictive disorders. Courses focus on the treatment of addiction and also cover the medical, psychological and social aspects of alcohol & drug use and behavioral addictions. Program Requirements 2016-2017UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Alternative Dispute Resolution In today's world, employers want individuals skilled in negotiation and dispute resolution. Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) is a collection of proven, cost-effective strategies used to address disputes outside the courtroom. Sharpen your competitive edge by learning the skills used to resolve conflicts in marriage, business, education, the community, and in government. Program Requirements 2016-2017 UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Applied Gerontology The Applied Gerontology Program focuses on the processes of aging, changes in individuals as they age, how society affects and is affected by aging, and how current information and technology can be implemented to help care for the aging. The Applied Gerontology program gives graduates a broader springboard into future careers found in many areas of public as well as private entities. UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology This minor provides basic preparation in the normal development and functioning of speech, language, and hearing, and introductory courses concerned with communication disorders and appropriate remedial procedures. UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Behavior Analysis Undergraduate students majoring in a compatible field (e.g., rehabilitation, sociology, psychology, health promotion, hospitality management, merchandising, management or other service professions) may be interested in pursuing a minor in Behavior Analysis. Gain understanding to help children with Autism or those with developmental and behavioral disabilities, study animal behavior or organizational behavior management. UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Criminal Justice This minor in criminal justice is for students interested in having knowledge of public sector law enforcement, corrections, court-related employment, private sector loss prevention, or investigative work. UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Emergency Administration & Planning Discover the importance of emergency management in disaster situations. Emergency Administration is for undergraduates interested in a career as a manager in local, state, or federal government. Students take courses including public finance, public administration, and nonprofit management. UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Human Services There is a high demand for trained Human Service workers in many settings including non-profit agencies, state or federal agencies.  Human Service professionals work to help others achieve their maximum potential.  Completion of the minor will ensure that students have the exposure and knowledge to successfully work in a range of Human Service fields.  The program provides marketable skills that are attractive to prospective employers such as learning how to identify drug problems in the workplace and how to successfully work with others.  Program Requirements 2016-2017 UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Leadership of Community & Nonprofit Organizations Nonprofit organizations represent the fastest growing sector of the U.S. economy. This minor is designed to equip students for careers as leaders in community-based organizations. Courses offer an examination of the planning, implementation and evaluation of the partnerships, leadership styles, organizational systems, and other resources needed for effective management of service-oriented programs. Program Requirements 2016-2017 UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Public Administration Students from all majors have the choice to minor within the nationally-ranked Public Administration program. Management and fiscal functions are foundational elements in many careers, and this minor strengthens degrees by providing an overview of these highly sought-after skills. Program Requirements 2016-2017UNT Catalog 2016-2017   Rehabilitation Studies The rehabilitation studies program prepares professionals to support individuals with disabilities in achieving their life goals through actualizing each individual’s full human potential. Due to the broad focus of this program, individuals may pursue careers within a variety of public and private human service settings. UNT Catalog 2016-2017 Visit Us Chilton Hall 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311340 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-2239 HPS@unt.edu Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 