 studentaffairs   student money management center Student Money Management Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student money management center Student Money Management Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student money management center Student Money Management Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student money management center Student Money Management Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student money management center Student Money Management Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student money management center Student Money Management Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student money management center Student Money Management Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student money management center Student Money Management Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student money management center Student Money Management Center Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student money management center Student Money Management Center Division of Student Affairs  Student Money Management Center | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Money Management Center » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs & Services Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Money Management Center Home About UsStaff Programs & Services Guides Contact DSA Home Student Money Management Center What We Do   The Student Money Management Center helps student learn how to manage the financial realities they will face as students and graduates. The center offers countless educational opportunties every semester for all students - on-campus and on-line.  The center provides personal financial coaching sessions  in which students lead the discussion on personal financial topics and concerns relating to their lives. The center also offers several emergency loan programs to help eligible students address unanticipated or emergency expenses threatening their enrollment. All of our outreach and coaching services are offered to UNT Denton-campus students at no cost. The SMMC team helps students start, stay, and finish money strong! 10 Ways We Can Help You  Personal and individual coaching sessions. Presentations for student orgs and residence halls. Guest speaker to enhance curriculum or class discussion. College financial survival plan. Tuition and housing payments planning. Job offers and benefit packages analysis. Credit reports and scores education. Online curriculum modules and materials. Graduation transition financial planning. Emergency loan programs. Get Connected, Get Educated  Summer Event Calendar Coming Soon! Read the latest Money Matter$ Newsletter Mar-May Edition Request a Presentation or Guest Speaker Request Form   Programs & Services Transition Planning Coaching Session A Transition Planning Coaching Session will help put you on the right financial path whether after graduation... By: Student Money Management Center Loans Loan programs for UNT Denton campus students. By: Student Money Management Center Understanding Financial Aid Whether you are an undergraduate or graduate student are you prepared for the financial responsibilities that... By: Student Money Management Center Study Abroad Coaching Session Studying abroad is an exciting and educational experience. For many students a study abroad trip will be the... By: Student Money Management Center TD Ameritrade Internship Program The SMMC TD Ameritrade Intern Program has developed FREE financial materials and resources. By: Student Money Management Center Financial Intelligence Training (FIT) Program Financial Intelligence Training (FIT) provides a basic overview of the knowledge and skills students need to... By: Student Money Management Center Money Matter$ Video Series The Money Matter$ 3-part video series provides an overview of autism spectrum disorders (Video 1), insights... By: Student Money Management Center Money Coaches The UNT Student Money Management Center is dedicated to providing students with the highest level of... By: Student Money Management Center News and Posts New 2016-2017 Student Loan Interest Rates Monday, August 22, 2016 - 03:54pm Student Money Management Center Connect with Us money.management@unt.edu (940) 369-7761 Physical AddressChestnut Hall, Suite 313 Tweets Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 