 hps   impact Giving to HPS Make an Impact College of Health and Public Service hps   impact Giving to HPS Make an Impact College of Health and Public Service hps   impact Giving to HPS Make an Impact College of Health and Public Service hps   impact Giving to HPS Make an Impact College of Health and Public Service hps   impact Giving to HPS Make an Impact College of Health and Public Service hps   impact Giving to HPS Make an Impact College of Health and Public Service hps   impact Giving to HPS Make an Impact College of Health and Public Service hps   impact Giving to HPS Make an Impact College of Health and Public Service hps   impact Giving to HPS Make an Impact College of Health and Public Service hps   impact Giving to HPS Make an Impact College of Health and Public Service  Giving to HPS: Make an Impact | College of Health and Public Service Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Degrees Career Paths Getting Started at UNT Current Students » Current Students HPS Ambassadors Advising » Advising HPS Majors and Minors Location, Hours, and Scheduling Appointments FAQ HPS Graduation Checkout Survey Graduation Packet Computer Lab Scholarships Student Organizations Education » Education Undergraduate Graduate Certificates Minors Continuing Education Training Engagement » Engagement PACE Hungry for Change Student Organizations Departments » Departments Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Behavior Analysis Community & Professional Programs Criminal Justice Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation Emergency Management & Disaster Science Public Administration Social Work Academic Advising HPS IT People » People HPS Alumni Faculty/Staff Circle of Impact Advisory Board GIVE Search form Search College of Health and Public Service MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Health and Public Service Main menu Home Future StudentsDegrees Career Paths Getting Started at UNT Current StudentsHPS Ambassadors AdvisingHPS Majors and Minors Location, Hours, and Scheduling Appointments FAQ HPS Graduation Checkout Survey Graduation Packet Computer Lab Scholarships Student Organizations EducationUndergraduate Graduate Certificates Minors Continuing Education Training EngagementPACE Hungry for Change Student Organizations DepartmentsAudiology and Speech-Language Pathology Behavior Analysis Community & Professional Programs Criminal Justice Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation Emergency Management & Disaster Science Public Administration Social Work Academic Advising HPS IT PeopleAdvisory Board Circle of Impact Faculty/Staff HPS Alumni GIVE Giving to HPS: Make an Impact The College of Health and Public Service is home to students who are dedicated to addressing the needs of our communities. Through their education they answer the big question of “why we do what we do.”  Whether supporting research, scholarships, professorships or internships, each person who invests in HPS is making an impact on the community and helping our students reach their ultimate goals.  We invite you to be part of our Circle, where together, we can make a difference. Support students in a variety of ways Circle of Impact: The "Circle of Impact" is the College of Health and Public Service giving club for donors who invest $1,000 or more to HPS programs and scholarships annually. The larger the Circle, the greater the impact! Circle members are added to the dean’s mailing list and invited to special "Circle" events. Create a Legacy: Donors can create or support endowments for student scholarships, professorships or through named programs and centers. These scholarships help HPS attract highly talented and diverse students that may not have the opportunity to attend UNT without a scholarship. Annual Campaign: Contributions of any size support students and faculty. You may direct your gift to one or more scholarships, departments or provide an undesignated gift to the College. Gifts to the Annual Fund qualify as tax-deductible contributions. Give online now. Matching Gifts: Many employers offer matching gifts for donations to institutions of higher education and allow you to leverage your gift. Check with the human resources department at your place of work to find out if such a program exists. Planned Gifts/Bequests: The 1890 Society is a donor recognition program for individuals who have made a planned gift arrangement that includes the University of North Texas as a beneficiary. More than just wills, planned gifts can help you accomplish a tax benefit now but will be paid in the future. There are many mutually beneficial and innovative options that work for individuals of any age. To learn more about making a gift, please contact HPS Dean Tom Evenson at 940-565-3440. Give now. Become part of the HPS solution by making an IMPACT. Visit Us Chilton Hall 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311340 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-2239 HPS@unt.edu Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 