 hps   prep PREP Pre Engineering Program College of Health and Public Service hps   prep PREP Pre Engineering Program College of Health and Public Service hps   prep PREP Pre Engineering Program College of Health and Public Service hps   prep PREP Pre Engineering Program College of Health and Public Service hps   prep PREP Pre Engineering Program College of Health and Public Service hps   prep PREP Pre Engineering Program College of Health and Public Service hps   prep PREP Pre Engineering Program College of Health and Public Service hps   prep PREP Pre Engineering Program College of Health and Public Service hps   prep PREP Pre Engineering Program College of Health and Public Service hps   prep PREP Pre Engineering Program College of Health and Public Service  PREP: Pre-Engineering Program | College of Health and Public Service Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Degrees Career Paths Getting Started at UNT Current Students » Current Students HPS Ambassadors Advising » Advising HPS Majors and Minors Location, Hours, and Scheduling Appointments FAQ HPS Graduation Checkout Survey Graduation Packet Computer Lab Scholarships Student Organizations Education » Education Undergraduate Graduate Certificates Minors Continuing Education Training Engagement » Engagement PACE Hungry for Change Student Organizations Departments » Departments Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Behavior Analysis Community & Professional Programs Criminal Justice Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation Emergency Management & Disaster Science Public Administration Social Work Academic Advising HPS IT People » People HPS Alumni Faculty/Staff Circle of Impact Advisory Board GIVE Search form Search College of Health and Public Service MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Health and Public Service Main menu Home Future StudentsDegrees Career Paths Getting Started at UNT Current StudentsHPS Ambassadors AdvisingHPS Majors and Minors Location, Hours, and Scheduling Appointments FAQ HPS Graduation Checkout Survey Graduation Packet Computer Lab Scholarships Student Organizations EducationUndergraduate Graduate Certificates Minors Continuing Education Training EngagementPACE Hungry for Change Student Organizations DepartmentsAudiology and Speech-Language Pathology Behavior Analysis Community & Professional Programs Criminal Justice Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation Emergency Management & Disaster Science Public Administration Social Work Academic Advising HPS IT PeopleAdvisory Board Circle of Impact Faculty/Staff HPS Alumni GIVE PREP: Pre-Engineering Program This special UNT program in the College of Health and Public Service (HPS) prepares students to pursue undergraduate degrees in the College of Engineering. As a PREP student, you are part of HPS. Our academic advisors guide you through course selection to help you stay on track towards College of Engineering admissions and avoid taking classes that will not be beneficial in your desired degree plan. HPS advisors help you by: Advising you on course selections each semester Making recommendations on math leveling options Referring you to resources on campus Exploring other majors and career options Supporting you in your academic career What is Pre-Engineering? Pre-Engineering is a special UNT program housed within the College of Health and Public Service (HPS) designed to guide students as they work to enter the College of Engineering. HPS staff advise and support you, as well as answer questions and help you explore options. Why am I listed as a Pre-Engineering student instead of Engineering? Students admitted into Pre-Engineering have been admitted to the University of North Texas, but do not yet meet the admissions requirements for the College of Engineering. We advise you on courses to take to meet College of Engineering requirements.  What are the admissions requirements into the College of Engineering? The College of Engineering has admissions requirements beyond those of the university. To be admitted into the College of Engineering, students need to be eligible to enroll in Calculus I (MATH 1710) and maintain a GPA of 2.0 or higher (Academic Good Standing). How do I become eligible for Calculus I (MATH 1710)? At UNT, the Math Department assigns MATH courses to different levels based on the type of math and the difficulty. For a student pursuing a degree in Engineering, the first three levels are: Level 1: MATH 1100 (College Algebra) Level 2: MATH 1650 (Pre-Calculus) Level 3: MATH 1710 (Calculus I) There are two ways to reach Level 3: MATH 1710 (Calculus I) MATH Courses: Students can choose to progress through the MATH courses (one per semester), each requiring a C or higher to progress. This is recommended for students who are unfamiliar with Algebra, Pre-Calculus and/or Calculus I. Learn more at Which UNT Math Class is Right for Me? (PDF) Placement Exam: Students can complete a math placement exam with the Math Department to determine the best starting course for them. This is recommended only for students who have some familiarity with Algebra, Pre-Calculus, and/or Calculus I.  Students interested in completing a math placement exam should review their options and contact the Math Department (located in GAB #443).  What classes can I take while in Pre-Engineering? Because leveling in math is the gateway to the College of Engineering, we require that all students in Pre-Engineering complete a math course every semester. Along with your math course, we will help you get started on completing your university core. University core is a set of course requirements that all students seeking a bachelor’s degree at the University of North Texas must complete. There will be some areas (like Math and Science) in which we advise you to take specific courses, and some areas (like Creative Arts and Social & Behavioral Science) in which you will get to choose a course from an approved list. Depending on your major, you may be able to begin taking engineering courses before you are in the College of Engineering. Work closely with your HPS advisor to learn what classes you can enroll in while you are a Pre-Engineering student.  How long do I have to complete the admission requirements to become a major in the College of Engineering? Students have one year to complete the Pre-Engineering program from the time they enter it.  We limit the amount of time you may be in the program to ensure you remain on a path leading to your ultimate goal (a Bachelor’s degree) and to avoid recommending classes that will not meet degree requirements (additional hours) as these will lengthen the amount of time it takes you to graduate and increase the cost of courses over time. If you complete the College of Engineering admission requirements in less than one year, you may declare your major with them before the one-year mark. Work closely with your Pre-Engineering academic advisor to track your progress through the program. Once I have met admissions requirements for the College of Engineering, what do I do next? Congratulations! You are ready to declare your major. Do this by calling the College of Engineering advising office at 940-565-4201. Not sure if you meet admissions? Refer to College of Engineering admissions requirements for more information, and contact your HPS advisor if you need further clarification. I want to change my major to something outside of the College of Engineering. What do I do next? With over 100 majors at UNT, it is not surprising you found something that piqued your interest. Your next step is to contact the advising office of the college that houses the major you want to pursue using this list of Advising offices by college. Contact a Pre-Engineering Advisor College of Health and Public Service (HPS) Advising Office Chilton Hall, Suite 289 410 S. Avenue C, Denton, TX 76201 hps@unt.edu  |  940-565-4115 Call to schedule your appointment 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. Monday through Friday. UNT’s engineering undergraduate degrees Biomedical Engineering Computer Science and Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science and Engineering Mechanical and Energy Engineering ​ Helpful resources Explore majors using My Plan College of Engineering events calendar Campus academic resources Tutoring Labs Math Tutor Lab Chemistry Resource Center Computer Science and Engineering Help Lab (Discovery Park F208) Physics Instructional Center UNT Learning Center Tutoring: one-on-one, group, online, drop-in Support Programs: Academic Coaching, Learning 101 Series, Speed Reading UNT Career Center: Job Shadowing, Internships, On-Campus Employment Visit Us Chilton Hall 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311340 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-2239 HPS@unt.edu Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 