 hps   updates Updates and Events College of Health and Public Service hps   updates Updates and Events College of Health and Public Service hps   updates Updates and Events College of Health and Public Service hps   updates Updates and Events College of Health and Public Service hps   updates Updates and Events College of Health and Public Service hps   updates Updates and Events College of Health and Public Service hps   updates Updates and Events College of Health and Public Service hps   updates Updates and Events College of Health and Public Service hps   updates Updates and Events College of Health and Public Service hps   updates Updates and Events College of Health and Public Service  Updates and Events | College of Health and Public Service Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Degrees Career Paths Getting Started at UNT Current Students » Current Students HPS Ambassadors Advising » Advising HPS Majors and Minors Location, Hours, and Scheduling Appointments FAQ HPS Graduation Checkout Survey Graduation Packet Computer Lab Scholarships Student Organizations Education » Education Undergraduate Graduate Certificates Minors Continuing Education Training Engagement » Engagement PACE Hungry for Change Student Organizations Departments » Departments Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Behavior Analysis Community & Professional Programs Criminal Justice Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation Emergency Management & Disaster Science Public Administration Social Work Academic Advising HPS IT People » People HPS Alumni Faculty/Staff Circle of Impact Advisory Board GIVE Search form Search College of Health and Public Service MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Health and Public Service Main menu Home Future StudentsDegrees Career Paths Getting Started at UNT Current StudentsHPS Ambassadors AdvisingHPS Majors and Minors Location, Hours, and Scheduling Appointments FAQ HPS Graduation Checkout Survey Graduation Packet Computer Lab Scholarships Student Organizations EducationUndergraduate Graduate Certificates Minors Continuing Education Training EngagementPACE Hungry for Change Student Organizations DepartmentsAudiology and Speech-Language Pathology Behavior Analysis Community & Professional Programs Criminal Justice Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation Emergency Management & Disaster Science Public Administration Social Work Academic Advising HPS IT PeopleAdvisory Board Circle of Impact Faculty/Staff HPS Alumni GIVE Updates and Events 10,000 onions planted by students at Shiloh Field Community Garden Did you know Denton has the largest community garden in the country?  Shiloh Field Community Garden is the largest of its kind in the US. This garden contributes to those in need by donating thousands of pounds of produce to local agencies and nonprofit organizations each year. ...Read More Video: UNT students help train service dogs for veterans University of North Texas students Alyssa Schmidt (left) and Maasa Nishimuta work with Drill Bit, who is being trained as a service dog to a military veteran, inside UNT's University Union. Watch the video and read the story by WFAA-TV:  UNT students help train...Read More Students build Little Free Pantries for local community View all photos on Flickr. Earlier this semester, 35 students came together to build Little Free Pantries that will be installed around the Denton community. The day of service was organized by PACE as part of the college’s Hungry For Change initiative. The Little Free...Read More Videos: HPS student survives five days in the desert HPS student Amber VanHecke was profiled on ABC's 20/20, Nightline and Good Morning America and in the Fort Worth Star-Telegram for surviving after being stranded in the Arizona desert for five days. She was looking for a trailhead near the Grand Canyon's south rim, but GPS sent her down the wrong...Read More Fuselier recognized by American College Personnel Association As seen in: Staffer earns professional award (Denton Record-Chronicle) Nicholas Fuselier, a staff member in the University of North Texas' College of Health and Public Service, has received an Annuit Coeptis Emerging Professional Award from the American College Personnel...Read More Apply now to be an ambassador for HPS Calling HPS undergraduate students! Are you passionate about helping others while sharing your knowledge of HPS? Do you want to work with Faculty and enhance your resume? If so, we want to hear from YOU! In the HPS Ambassador Program, HPS undergraduate students will have the opportunity to...Read More Sharma and students visit Arkansas for Alternative Service Break Rachita Sharma, CRC, LPC, Ph.D.-candidate, clinical instructor and internship coordinator for programs in rehabilitation, led an Alternative Service Break (ASB) trip to Little Rock, Arkansas for 10 students in March. They volunteered all week at Arkansas...Read More UNT to hold employment seminar for young adults with disabilities What:           “Prep for Success” — A free seminar at the University of North Texas that is designed to prepare young adults with visible or hidden disabilities for employment. Sponsored by UNT’s Department of Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation...Read More Castillo takes second place in United Way dance contest Left to right: Vanessa Ellison (’11, ’15), Landon Ellison (’10, ‘15), President Smatresk, Hillary Castillo (’01) and Kenneth Williamson.  Hillary Castillo (‘01), director of finance & operations for HPS’ Department of Disability & Addiction...Read More Art gala will benefit UNT students in recovery from substance misuse "But Creator, I'm Still Holding On," by recent University of North Texas graduate Connor Dallas Gillaspia, is one of many pieces of art that will be available in a silent auction at UNT's Collegiate Recovery Program Art Gala April 14 (Friday). What:   ...Read More EMDS student receives scholarship from Army Women’s Foundation Roni Fraser recently received a $1500 scholarship for the 2017-2018 academic year from the Army Women’s Foundation. Fraser is a student in HPS’ Emergency Management and Disaster Science Department as well as an HPS senator, mentor with UNT G-Force, Vice President of Service for Panhellenic,...Read More Alumna helps adults with autism find employment Susan Richardson ('99 M.S.) found her life's calling shortly after moving to Nashville in early 2001 to move adults with intellectual disabilities from a state-run developmental center to a family-based residential model. "Upon seeing the conditions of institutional life firsthand, I decided...Read More Photos: students attend Recovery Day at Texas Capitol View all photos on Flickr. As part of the Texas Association of Addiction Professionals (TAAP) Recovery Day at the Capitol, 28 students accompanied by Paula Heller Garland, MS, LCDC, senior lecturer and addiction studies coordinator, and Denise Catalano, Ph.D., CRC,...Read More Study abroad trip to France highlights true crimes and trials UNT students and University of Rennes 2 students studied together during a study abroad course in November in Rennes, France. Guided by criminal justice professor Peter Johnstone, seven UNT students spent a week in November visiting Rennes,...Read More Sheriff’s Office gives $30,000 to Cyber Forensics Lab In December, the Denton County Sheriff’s Office donated $30,000 to help the UNT Cyber Forensics Lab assist law enforcement agencies to catch criminals through their technology usage.  The lab will purchase equipment to analyze cellphones and laptops. The donation was given from...Read More Students can compete to win $10,000 in Westheimer New Venture Challenge Enterprising students at the University of North Texas can compete in a new challenge putting their business creativity to the test, thanks to funding from an Oklahoma business leader. The Westheimer New Venture Competition, sponsored by business philanthropist and UNT alumnus Jerome “Bruzzy...Read More Photos: Dean’s List students recognized at special reception View more photos on Flickr. On February 28, HPS (PACS) students who were named to the Dean’s Honor Roll in 2016 were honored through a special reception held outside the HPS Dean’s Office. View more photos on Flickr. HPS students who made the Dean’s List in Fall 2016 can...Read More UNT Alumni Association to host regional chapter spring mixers Stay connected to your alma mater by joining us at one of the four upcoming UNT Alumni Regional Chapter Spring Mixers. Select the event that best fits your schedule and location. These events were made to give you the opportunity to reconnect with other UNT alumni in your area for networking,...Read More Send Silence Packing event comes to UNT Send Silence Packing is an award-winning exhibit of 1,100 donated backpacks and personal stories representing the number of college students lost to suicide every year. Join us in starting a dialogue about suicide and encouraging everyone to reach out for help before it is too late. Suicide...Read More Recovery groups to host Spring Benefit Art Gala April 14 The UNT Collegiate Recovery Program (CRP) and Eagle Peer Recovery (EPR) are hosting a Spring Benefit Art Gala on April 14 from 7:00 to 9:00 p.m. on the University Union Green Roof. CRP and EPR student artwork will be available for purchase, in addition to items donated by professional artists....Read More Behavior Analysis offers free research talks throughout semester HPS’ Behavior Analysis department will host several Behavior Analysis Research Colloquium (BARC) events during the spring semester. BARCs are typically held from 3:00 – 5:00 p.m. on Fridays and are free and open to the UNT community. An offsite, informal social gathering often...Read More Temple Grandin to speak at UNT event April 13 The University of North Texas and ACES (Comprehensive Educational Services Inc.) will present prominent autism activist Temple Grandin April 13 (Thursday) in Dallas. “+Autism: A Lecture and Discussion with Temple Grandin” will begin at 9 a.m. at Temple Emanu-El, 8500 Hillcrest Ave. The lecture is...Read More Video: Cyber Forensics Lab helping to solve crime CBSDFW went behind the scenes at our Cyber Forensics Lab, housed at UNT's New College at Frisco, to show how the lab and the team of graduate research students will help law enforcement agencies fight crimes. Led by Scott Belshaw (right), associate professor of criminal justice and the lab...Read More PACS renamed College of Health and Public Service UNT’s College of Public Affairs and Community Service (PACS) has been renamed the College of Health and Public Service (HPS). The college is comprised of seven main academic departments: Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Behavior Analysis Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation...Read More Alumni featured in The North Texan story on autism awareness The winter 2016 issue of The North Texan, UNT’s alumni magazine, features three PACS alumni in the cover story, “Advancing Autism Awareness.” Lori Sekhon ('83, '85 M.S.) is a speech-language pathologist with her own practice, Lori Sekhon Speech and Language...Read More Undergrads can apply now for $500 research fellowships PACS undergraduates who plan to graduate in May 2018 or later can apply now for an Undergraduate Research Fellowship, a mentor-based research experience.  Have you ever wished to conduct guided research in your field of study, gaining invaluable experience, unique credentials, and a faculty...Read More Commencement set for May 12-13 PACS Undergraduate Commencement Ceremony Friday, May 12, 2017 3:00 p.m. UNT Coliseum University-wide Graduation Celebration Friday, May 12, 2017 6:00 p.m. Location TBA Doctoral and Master's Commencement Saturday, May 13, 2017 5:30 p.m. UNT Coliseum Visit commencement.unt.edu for the...Read More Faculty to create auditory processing training model for children and young adults with autism As seen in:  UNT Launches a New Autistim Research Project (Dallas Innovates) While concentrating on a classroom lesson or assignment, most elementary and secondary school students have learned to filter out typical background noise, such as other students walking by the classroom door or...Read More Apply now for PACS scholarships PACS undergraduate and graduate students who plan to take classes in 2017-2018 are eligible to apply for PACS scholarships. Some scholarships are open to all PACS students while others are available only to specific majors through the academic departments. Thousands of dollars in...Read More Why don’t people break the law? Craig to share insight at Great Conversations event Great Conversations 2017 When: Feb. 28 (Tuesday), beginning at 6 p.m. Where: Clubroom of UNT’s Apogee Stadium, 1251 S. Bonnie Brae St. in Denton. Cost:    $75; parking is free. Go to the Great Conversations website to identify a table leader and...Read More New Peace Corps Prep Certificate offered by UNT The University of North Texas and the U.S. Peace Corps have entered into a formal partnership to better prepare UNT students for global careers and for service as Corps volunteers. UNT has gone one step further by developing a new Peace Corps Prep Certificate. “Students today have a passion for...Read More Walkathon raises awareness, funds for aphasia UNT Speech Pathology students and volunteers celebrate the 100-lap success of UNT Aphasia Support Group member, Karl Heller (center). National Student Speech Language Hearing Association (NSSLHA) volunteers helped teach participants about...Read More EMDS alumni spotlight: Bradley Wilson ('07) This alumni spotlight on MSgt Bradley Wilson ('07) first appeared in the fall 2016 issue of The Mitigator, the EMDS department newsletter. "My path in Emergency Management (EM) post EADP has taken me down a few unique roads. I actually began my career long before actually studying EM at...Read More Program for veterans gives student chance at first four-year degree in family As seen in: Veteran Graduates after a Decade of Putting Together the Pieces (NBC 5) University of North Texas senior Johnathan Igou says the military is in his blood. Part of a military family dating back three generations, Igou planned for a career in the Air Force and started taking distance...Read More Corinth appoints PADM alumnus as city manager The Corinth City Council recently appointed Bob Hart ('78 M.P.A.) as city manager. He will begin his new position February 6. Read the full announcement on the City of Corinth website.   See also: Corinth looks to continue building on good foundation (LakeCitiesSun) City Manager Bob...Read More EADP students participate in full-scale disaster drill Last May, students from the EADP program participated in the City of Denton Disaster Drill at the Landfill off of Mayhill Road. This year’s event was named “Operation Rolling Thunder” and involved a tornado that resulted in a mass casualty...Read More Photos: Commencement Fall 2016  View all 84 photos on Flickr.  Over 400 students participated in the PACS Undergraduate Commencement ceremony on December 16, 2016. Congratulations to all new PACS alumni! View photos from the day.  And be sure to save the date ...Read More Cyber Forensics Lab to open at UNT New College at Frisco The University of North Texas criminal justice department is on track to open a cellphone cyber security lab at the UNT New College at Frisco. The off-site instructional facility will house the area's only cyber laboratory solely dedicated to analyzing cellphone data from devices used in criminal...Read More Ala’i-Rosales to present at ABAI Conference in Paris Shahla Ala’i-Rosales is the Director of UNT’s Behavior Analysis Online. Associate professor of behavior analysis Shahla Ala’i-Rosales will be presenting an individual symposium at the Ninth International Conference of the Association for Behavior Analysis...Read More Nyiransekuye shares personal refugee story on podcast “…But when you’re on the road with only the clothes that you’re wearing, nobody looks at you in those terms. Nobody, nobody thinks about you as a person who was once a pillar of his or her own society.” Listen to Hadidja Nyiransekuye, assistant professor in PACS’ Community and Professional...Read More Dyslexia clinic offered by Speech and Hearing Clinic The Speech and Hearing Clinic at UNT has openings for its reading clinic starting Tuesday, Jan. 24. The reading clinic is open all spring semester to help students in second to seventh grade who have dyslexia. In the clinic, UNT students are under direction of faculty members and help attendees...Read More Holloway receives UNT Community Award As part of UNT’s Salute to Faculty Excellence Week, Linda Holloway, Ph.D., CRC, chair of PACS' Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation department, received the UNT Community Award for her outstanding service to the university community. The award recognizes faculty who...Read More Criminal Justice online master’s ranked most affordable in US College Choice has ranked UNT the Most Affordable Online Master's in Criminal Justice out of 50 US programs. The program was also ranked 24th in the nation overall. UNT’s 36-hour online degree is geared toward criminal justice practitioners interested in advancing their careers and working...Read More DAR alumna featured in Denton Record Chronicle story, video on service dogs Jessica Naert ('12, '14 M.S.) is legally blind and uses her best friend Makiko as a guide dog to get around the city of Denton. Naert earned her bachelor’s degree in rehabilitative studies and master’s degree in rehabilitative counseling from PACS' Disability and...Read More CAPP student featured in Dallas Morning News story on tuition “set-asides” Social work undergraduate student and Emerald Eagle Scholar Jadzia Hardeman was recently featured in the Dallas Morning News’ interactive story: How Dan Patrick’s plan to slash tuition grants could keep some Texans from college. Read More Recovery Conference held to benefit recovery research Nicole Hawkins, PhD, CEDS presents A Modern Day Social Crisis: Dieting and Disordered Eating at the UNT Recovery Conference Earlier this semester the UNT Office of Substance Misuse and Mental Health Recovery Research brought together experts, professionals,...Read More How do you keep New Year's resolutions? Faculty share advice As seen in: How to be one of the cool kids who make New Year's resolutions stick (Dallas Morning News) Maybe you drink several caffeinated drinks every day. Or maybe you automatically have a snack at 2 p.m., neglect other things to check Twitter and Facebook or regularly skimp on sleep. You’ve...Read More City of Dallas picks PADM alumnus as city manager Congrats to UNT alumnus T.C. Broadnax ('93 M.P.A.), who is the sole finalist to become Dallas city manager, as confirmed by news outlets such as WFAA, NBC 5 and CBS DFW. Broadnax is one of many city managers throughout the state who have earned their M.P.A. from UNT and have gone on to...Read More Support from teachers, each other helps students from foster care succeed in college Students José Whitten and Kiara Powell both lived in foster homes as children. They’ve found support from other students with similar backgrounds in PUSH, a UNT student organization in which former foster care students mentor children currently in the child welfare system...Read More Heller Garland inducted to Texas Counselor Hall of Fame Paula Heller Garland, MS, LCDC recently became the nineteenth individual inducted into the Texas Counselor Hall of Fame since it was founded in 1990. This award recognizes the body of work of an individual in the field of addictions counseling and is awarded based on the many facets of their...Read More Autism experts converge at UNT to discuss trends in ASD research A panel of internationally recognized autism experts converged in Denton recently to meet with UNT’s cross-disciplinary autism research team to offer insight into new, groundbreaking research and steps UNT can take to elevate its work in the field.  Read more on the College of Education...Read More PADM alumna discusses local economic development Public Administration alumna Caroline Booth ('14 MPA) was recently named Denton’s new director for economic development. The Denton Record Chronicle featured Booth in the story Booth: Denton thrives on diversifying. Read More Student group creates video about recovery program Members of UNT’s Collegiate Recovery Program (CRP) produced a 2-minute video about the peer-based student program. The CRP gives students in recovery the opportunity to experience college life in a safe, nurturing and substance-free environment. Watch the video on YouTube. Read More Student awarded scholarship from Texas City Management Association Misty Ricketts, a master of public administration student, has received a $3,500 Clarence E. Ridley Scholarship from the Texas City Management Association. The association, which is comprised of government professionals dedicated to promoting the highest standards of governance, service,...Read More Video: UNT is helping students achieve their dreams Our students come to UNT with dreams to have a successful career, provide for their families and make a difference in the world. Check out this inspiring video featuring UNT students and parents: Helping UNT Students Achieve Their Dreams Learn more about Admissions at UNT. Read More ASLP alumni featured in The North Texan Laura Lopez ('12 M.S.) (Photo by Gary Payne) Graduates of the Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology department are responding to an increasing need for professionals in the speech and hearing fields. Alumni Phallon Doss ('11 Au.D.), ...Read More Criminal Justice degree now offered through UNT’s New College at Frisco PACS’s Criminal Justice department now offers a Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice at UNT’s new off-site instructional facility in Frisco. This degree will give you the opportunity to further your career in law enforcement or criminal justice and gain new skills to give you an edge, from...Read More Williamson named interim chair of CAPP department Celia Williamson Celia Williamson, Ph.D., LCSW has been named interim chair of PACS’ Community and Professional Programs (CAPP) department. She will continue to serve as UNT’s associate vice president for enrollment and strategic initiatives. Williamson holds a bachelor’...Read More ICYMI: common HPS acronyms explained In Case You Missed It, we’ve spelled out some acronyms you may come across in the College of Health and Public Service: ASLP or SPHS Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Department BA or BEHV   Behavior Analysis Department CAPP       ...Read More $1,000 Ricco Ethics Competition open to PACS students Nick and Anna Ricco, long-time UNT donors, created an ethics scholarship competition in 2011. It is open to all students in the 13 colleges and schools at the University of North Texas. The ethics competition was created to promote intellectual debate and discussion on ethics as related to...Read More Commencement set for Dec. 16 College of Public Affairs and Community Service (PACS) Undergraduate College Ceremony Friday, December 16 9:00 a.m. UNT Coliseum UNT Doctoral and Master’s Ceremony Friday, December 16 7:00 p.m. UNT Coliseum Learn more at commencement.unt.edu or contact the PACS Student Advising Office. Read More DAR’s Lunch and Learn sessions cover variety of topics Each long semester PACS’ Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation department (DAR) hosts Lunch and Learn events featuring local experts on a wide range of topics. UNT students, staff, and faculty from all disciplines are encouraged to attend. Complimentary lunch is provided at each session. Lunch...Read More UNT Preview offers open house experience Nov. 19 UNT Preview is your opportunity to get a sneak peek at campus life and your future Mean Green family. Bring your family and your friends, and allow our students, faculty and staff to help you discover why UNT is the right place for you. Learn more.   Read More Photos: Homecoming 2016 See all photos Dozens of alumni returned to Denton Saturday, November 5 for UNT Homecoming festivities. Check out these photos from the day. PACS hosted an Alumni Brunch at UNT on the Square followed by a tailgate tent near the stadium in the...Read More Emergency Administration and Planning forms new academic department UNT’s Emergency Administration and Planning Program (EADP) has formed the new Emergency Management and Disaster Science (EMDS) department within PACS. Gary Webb, Ph.D. serves as the founding chair. EADP was established in 1983 as the world’s first resident degree program in...Read More Hungry for Change explores the new face of hunger Unveiled during UNT’s First Flight Week, the PACS freshman first year experience Hungry for Change focuses on the new face of hunger. Food Drive Competition As part of the initiative, the college hosted a food drive competition during the month of October. Students, faculty and staff from each of...Read More Nov. 11 BARC to focus on Intersection of Ethics and Supervision Tyra Sellers, Ph.D., BCBA-D will present on the topic of The Intersection of Ethics and Supervision at the next Behavior Analysis Research Colloquium (BARC) on Friday, November 11. Sellers is an assistant professor in the Department of Special Education and Rehabilitation at Utah State University...Read More Newell to be honored through tree dedication Nov. 11 The Public Administration department (PADM) received a $2 million gift this spring from the Estate of Charldean Newell, a former faculty member and renowned scholar. The endowed funds will support graduate student scholarships. The department will plant a tree and dedicate a...Read More We’re improving the HPS website You may notice some big (and small) changes to the HPS website over the coming months. Our goal is to improve your experience and keep you informed. Thank you for your patience as we work hard to develop a better HPS website. If you have ideas or thoughts on the HPS website, please share with us...Read More Introducing HPS Updates This is your source for all things HPS at the University of North Texas. We’re excited to bring you the latest news and highlight our students, faculty, alumni and community partners. To receive occasional updates delivered straight to your inbox, subscribe to the HPS eNewsletter. If you...Read More SUBSCRIBE > Occasional updates from UNT’s College of Health and Public Service delivered straight to your inbox. Events Undergraduate Commencement CeremonyMay 12, 2017 - 3:00pm University-wide Graduation CelebrationMay 12, 2017 - 6:00pm Doctoral and Master's CommencementMay 13, 2017 - 5:30pm All Events... by Department Advising Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Behavior Analysis Community & Professional Programs Criminal Justice Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation  Emergency Management and Disaster Science Information Technology Public Administration PACS Public Affairs and Community Engagement (PACE) Social Work by Tag Advising Alumni Collaboration Community Current students Dean Events Faculty & Staff Future students FYI Graduate High Fives Partnerships Philanthropy Research Stats Student orgs. Undergraduate University SUBMIT > Share your achievements, events and great news with us for the chance to be featured. Members of the media may contact Nancy Kolsti with the UNT News Service at 940-565-3509. Visit Us Chilton Hall 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311340 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-2239 HPS@unt.edu Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 