 studentaffairs   student legal services Student Legal Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student legal services Student Legal Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student legal services Student Legal Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student legal services Student Legal Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student legal services Student Legal Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student legal services Student Legal Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student legal services Student Legal Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student legal services Student Legal Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student legal services Student Legal Services Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student legal services Student Legal Services Division of Student Affairs  Student Legal Services | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Legal Services » Home About Us Services Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Legal Services Home About Us Services Guides Contact DSA Home Student Legal Services Student Legal Services offers a wide variety of legal guidance. The goal of this office is to counsel, advise, and represent University of North Texas students. Student Legal Services may write letters, draft legal documents, represent students, or otherwise attempt to resolve legal problems. While general advice may be available, Student Legal Services does not represent students in criminal matters (including traffic tickets). Many types of cases are handled through this office, such as the following: Security Deposit Debt Collection Unpaid Wages Dispute Resolution Cellular Phone Billing Discrimination Divorce (no children, no property) Domestic Violence Landlord Tenant Issues Subletting Evictions Wrongful Termination Lemon Law Towing Problems Auto Accidents Deceptive Trade Practices Injuries Sexual Harassment Consumer Complaints Name Changes Expunctions (Conditional) This list represents a sampling of the legal services available. If students require help that Student Legal Services cannot provide we refer them to the State Bar referral network. PLEASE NOTE: Our office cannot advise on issues involving the University of North Texas or other University of North Texas students. If your issue falls into one of these categories, feel free to contact our office for a referral sheet that can direct you to an office on or off campus that may be able to help you resolve your situation. Contact Attorney Keisha Ware 1155 Union Circle #305058 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Physical Location: Union 411 Email: StudentLegal@unt.edu Phone: (940) 565-2614 Fax: (940) 369-7251  TTY: (940) 369-8652   Hours The fastest way to meet with the attorney is to come to our Open Legal Clinic on Wednesdays. Open Legal Clinic hours are from 8:30 a.m. to 12:00 p.m., and then from 1:00 p.m. to 3:30 p.m. every Wednesday. No need to schedule an appointment - just stop by! Upcoming Clinic Time Modifications, Clinic Cancelations and Office Closures:​​ Wednesday, May 10th: Open Legal Clinic will start at 10:30 a.m. and run until 2:30 p.m. (excluding the noon lunch hour.) Wednesday, May 24th: Open Legal Clinic will run from 8:30 until 11am. Afternoon clinic will not be held. Monday, May 29th: Please note that our office will be closed for Memorial Day. Wednesday, June 21st: Open Legal Clinic will be not be held. Please note: Open Legal Clinic hours can sometimes change with little notice. We recommend calling the office on the day that you plan to stop by for the clinic if you are traveling a far distance. If you cannot make it to the open legal clinic due to class or work, an appointment can be scheduled instead. Please note that the wait for non-open legal clinic appointments can sometimes be a week or longer. Please call the office at 940.565.2614 if you wish to schedule an appointment. If you need immediate assistance, we suggest contacting the Lawyer Referral Information Service for the State Bar of Texas. Through this service, you can receive a 30 minute consultation for just $20.00. If you and the attorney agree to keep working after the first 30 minutes, their rates will apply. You can reach this service by calling 800.252.9690 or you can get a referral online by visiting www.texasbar.com/LRIS. Upcoming Events We are working to plan our next round of events - so check back here later (or keep on eye on your UNT email) for more information!   Forms to Start With  Use the Application for Student Legal Services if you have a pending appointment. This will save you some time if you fill out our application before you arrive. Also please read over our Welcome to Our Office letter prior to completing the application. Have you visited our office for legal assistance? If so, please download and complete our Student Legal Services Satisfaction Survey (pdf). Self-Help Packets Below are links to fillable self-help packets created by UNT Student Legal Services to empower you in resolving certain legal situations. Each packet has instructions and forms that can be filled out in Adobe PDF format, then printed and filed with the court or the appropriate agencies. While these forms are meant to aid you in resolving your own issue, we encourage you to make an appointment with the attorney in our office before proceeding. Name Change Self-Help Packet (pdf) ID Theft Self-Help Packet (pdf) Disclaimer This web page has been prepared for use by University of North Texas students only. These downloadable forms and explanations have been provided as a convenience for students and do not constitute legal advice. Before using these sample letters or forms, it is highly recommended that you visit Student Legal Services (The Union, Room 411) for more complete information contained in our free pamphlets. In addition, students with legal dilemmas are encouraged to schedule an appointment with our licensed Texas attorney who can provide appropriate legal advice.   Mobile Apps   Services Consumer Law Debt collection. Auto purchases. By: Student Legal Services Family Law Simple divorce. Name change By: Student Legal Services Landlords & Tenants Landlord/tenant issues can be complex and frustrating to students. While most Denton County landlords provide... By: Student Legal Services Personal Injury Have you been injured in an accident? Did someone damage your car, but now won't cooperate? Are your... By: Student Legal Services Employment Law Unpaid wages. Discrimination. By: Student Legal Services Notary Public Notary Public services for currently enrolled students are available Monday through Friday, from 8:00 am to 4... By: Student Legal Services Connect with Us StudentLegal@unt.edu (940) 565-2614 Physical AddressThe Union, Suite 411 Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 