 studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services student organizations Student Organizations Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services student organizations Student Organizations Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services student organizations Student Organizations Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services student organizations Student Organizations Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services student organizations Student Organizations Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services student organizations Student Organizations Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services student organizations Student Organizations Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services student organizations Student Organizations Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services student organizations Student Organizations Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   student activities center programs and services student organizations Student Organizations Division of Student Affairs  Student Organizations | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Activities Center » Home About Us Programs and Services Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Activities Center Home About Us Programs and Services Guides Contact DSA Home Student Organizations One of the goals of Student Activities is to help students make connections on campus and maximize their college experience through student organizations. We have over 425 student organizations from which to choose, so there’s something for everyone. And if there’s not, you can create one! Becoming a member of a student organization helps you meet new people, develop leadership skills, and promote your interests while in college.  Student Activities oversees the registration and approval process, classroom reservations, OrgSync, and the assignment of office spaces, among other things. This webpage is designed to serve as a resource for officers, advisors, and students involved in student organizations. You’ll be able to search the organizational database, find forms, and find answers to questions about policies and procedures. Still have questions? Contact us at 940-565-3807 or student.activities@unt.edu. See Organization Resources for forms and handbooks for your student organization. Search Student Organizations Looking to get involved? We have over 425 registered organizations, from off the wall special interests, to academic and professional, to sport clubs, to spiritual/religious organizations, and more. Click here to launch the student org database. OrgSync OrgSync is an online program that helps connect students to organizations, departments and events on campus. It also helps officers manage student organization functions and procedures, like budgets, historical documents, and event planning, all in one place. OrgSync helps connect student organizations to Student Activities resources, training materials, policies and procedures, as well as co-curricular transcripts and e-portfolios for student leaders. To learn more, check out this video. To join, click here to create your personal profile. Once you decide to become a member of an organization, then you can request (or be invited) to be a member in their organizational portal in OrgSync.  Organization Event Calendar Many organizations post their meetings and events to our online calendar. To see what’s going on, click here. Organization Forms Many of our forms related to student org functions are stored within OrgSync and can be found by logging in and clicking on Forms. Most can (and are required to) be completed online and submitted within OrgSync. However, we do have some public forms, which can be found by clicking here. Hazing Students and student organizations may be disciplined and sanctioned for hazing under the UNT Code of Student Conduct. For more information about hazing and resources to stop hazing, please click here and contact the Dean of Students at 940-369-STOP.   Student Organizations Registration Event Application Resources Risk Management Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 