    colleges schools Colleges and Schools     colleges schools Colleges and Schools     colleges schools Colleges and Schools     colleges schools Colleges and Schools     colleges schools Colleges and Schools     colleges schools Colleges and Schools     colleges schools Colleges and Schools     colleges schools Colleges and Schools     colleges schools Colleges and Schools     colleges schools Colleges and Schools   Colleges and Schools | University of North Texas Skip to main content Call us Contact Us UNT Map HomeAdmissionsAcademicsStudent LifeAbout UNTResearchAthleticsGivingCurrent StudentsFaculty & StaffAlumni & FriendsParents & FamilyCommunity & VisitorsMyUNTBlackboardEagleConnectUNT Directory Quicklinks MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory Home Admissions Academics Student Life About UNT Research Athletics Giving MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory HomeAdmissionsAcademicsStudent LifeAbout UNTResearchAthleticsGiving UNT's Colleges and Schools The sky's the limit at UNT, where 37,000 students from around the world choose from 200+ high-quality degree programs in 12 colleges and schools to pursue their dreams of becoming teachers, artists, engineers and everything in between. UNT Colleges and Schools College of Arts and Sciences The College of Arts and Sciences, the largest of UNT’s 12 colleges and schools, educates more than a third of UNT’s undergraduates. It offers 121 undergraduate and graduate degree programs and provides a strong foundation of basic and applied research. Website Undergraduate Majors and Minors Graduate Degrees and Certificates College of Business The College of Business is one of the largest business schools in the nation and contributes to the economic development of the region. Top-ranked programs include the nationally recognized logistics and supply chain management program and online M.B.A. Website Future Student Information Undergraduate Majors and Minors Graduate Degrees and Certificates College of Education The College of Education is regionally and nationally recognized for excellence in preparing teachers, administrators, counselors, kinesiology and health promotion specialists, play therapists and other educators. It is one of Texas’ top producers of students taking the state teaching certification exam. Website Future Student Information Undergraduate Majors and Minors Graduate Degrees and Certificates College of Engineering The fast-growing College of Engineering offers degree programs designed to meet industry needs while increasing the scope and impact of its research. Its programs continue to pioneer green technologies and establish the college as a pacesetter in surface engineering. Website Future Student Information Undergraduate Majors and Minors Graduate Degrees and Certificates Honors College The Honors College is dedicated to enriching the undergraduate academic experience for talented and motivated students regardless of major. Honors classes offer students a supportive environment for intellectual growth and opportunities to conduct research with leading faculty. Website Future Student Information College of Information The College of Information is focused on interdisciplinary approaches to harnessing the power of information and technology. Its graduate programs in medical librarianship, school library media, and library and information studies are ranked among the best in the nation. Website Undergraduate Majors and Minors Graduate Degrees and Certificates Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism The Mayborn School of Journalism prepares students to work in all communications fields and offers the only nationally accredited professional journalism master’s program in Texas. It hosts one of the nation’s premier writing conferences, the Mayborn Literary Nonfiction Conference. Website Future Student Information Undergraduate Majors and Minors Graduate Degrees and Certificates College of Merchandising, Hospitality and Tourism The College of Merchandising, Hospitality and Tourism houses the largest merchandising program in the nation and one of the largest hospitality and tourism management programs. Its innovative degrees include the nation’s first bachelor’s in digital retailing and master’s in international sustainable tourism. Website Undergraduate Majors and Minors Graduate Degrees and Certificates College of Music The College of Music is one of the world’s largest and most respected comprehensive music schools. Faculty include internationally acclaimed artists and scholars in composition, conducting, ethnomusicology, music education, music history, music theory and performance. Website Future Student Information Undergraduate Majors and Minors Graduate Degrees and Certificates College of Health and Public Service The College of Health and Public Service takes academics beyond the classroom and into the community, offering hands-on experience across a variety of social issues. Nationally ranked graduate programs include audiology, city management and urban policy, public management administration, rehabilitation counseling, and an online criminal justice program. Website Future Student Information Undergraduate Majors and Minors Graduate Degrees and Certificates College of Visual Arts and Design The College of Visual Arts and Design is considered one of the best and most comprehensive visual arts schools in the nation. Its programs include a nationally ranked graduate fine arts program, a graphic design program ranked first in the Southwest, and the state’s only Ph.D. in art education. Website Future Student Information Undergraduate Majors and Minors Graduate Degrees and Certificates Toulouse Graduate School The Toulouse Graduate School® promotes excellence in graduate education and contributes to a vibrant research environment at UNT. It oversees graduate program development and collaborates with departments on the recruitment, admission and enrollment services provided to the university’s 6,700 graduate students. Website Future Student Information   Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science (TAMS) In addition to the university’s 12 colleges and schools, UNT’s campus is also home to the Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science, a unique residential program for high school-aged Texas students who are high achievers and interested in mathematics and science. TAMS Website Top Required Links Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Main Menu Home Admissions Academics Student Life About UNT Research Athletics Giving University Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Calendar UNT Map Jobs at UNT Colleges & Schools Specifically for Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni & Friends Parents & Family Community Emails Graduate Admissions Freshman Admissions Transfer Admissions International Admissions     Find UNT on Google Maps 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information   940-565-2000   800-RELAY TX   Technical Issues Call us Email Us UNT Map Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links ©2017 University of North Texas 