 studentaffairs   org sga Student Government Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org sga Student Government Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org sga Student Government Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org sga Student Government Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org sga Student Government Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org sga Student Government Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org sga Student Government Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org sga Student Government Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org sga Student Government Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org sga Student Government Association Division of Student Affairs  Student Government Association | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Government Association » The SGA Branches Elections Minutes Legislation Services Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Government Association The SGA Branches Elections Minutes Legislation Services Contact DSA Home Student Government Association Who We Are  The Student Government Association is the official voice of the undergraduate student body at the University of North Texas. As an organization, we are committed to making each student’s opinions and concerns heard in the administration. The Student Government Association is comprised of an Executive Branch, Student Senate, Supreme Court, and the Freshman Interns. Together, these factions work with students across the University and administration to make our campus better for everyone. State of the Student Body What We Do The Student Government Association is a multi-purpose organization that can grant funding to students for conferences or programming, promote other student organization’s programs, as well as host University wide events. Please take a moment to explore our website to learn more information about our executive board, senators, and the different ways that SGA can benefit you, the student. Please feel free to contact us with any questions or concerns, or come by our office in Union 344 to meet with us in person. Student Constitution  |  By-Laws  |  Budget  2017-2018 SGA Executive Board Application and Job Descriptions Apply to be a part of the 2017-2018 SGA Executive Board! Link to apply can be found here: https://orgsync.com/8395/forms/257287 Job Descriptions: Chief of Staff (June start date) - 20 to 25 hours/week Create and maintain the budget, purchase items on behalf of the organization, approve all allocations of Eagle’s Nest funding not exceeding $999 made by the Student Allocations Director, allocate funds for SGA sponsorships and program events for the organization. Create and update monthly work plans for the executive staff, oversee the work of multiple executive positions, monitor time logged, create the agenda and run executive meetings and evaluate the Executive Branch at the end of each session. Student Allocations Director (August start date) x 2 people - 10 to 15 hours/week Oversee allocation of either Eagle’s Nest or Raupe Travel Grant funding. Schedule meetings to approve/deny Eagle’s Nest Funding or Raupe Travel Grant requests and promote the opportunities to students and organizations. Communications Director (July start date) - 10 to 15 hours/week Manage the UNT SGA website and social media outlets. Design graphics, videos, advertisements, flyers and promotional items. Intern Program Director (August start date) - 10 to 15 hours/week Oversee and manage the SGA Intern and Mentors program. Recruit, event plan and facilitate weekly meetings for the Intern program. Outreach Director (June start date) - 10 to 15 hours/week Create a direct means of communication available to students to contact the SGA. Plan, execute, and facilitate town hall meetings open to the UNT student body, faculty and staff and create effective platforms to engage students and gather public opinion. Public Relations Director (August start date) - 10 to 15 hours/week Communicate any formal statements of the UNT SGA and be responsible for updating The Review, a bi-monthly bulletin of the SGA’s accomplishments. Establish and build relationships with media outlets, both on and off campus and serve as the liaison. Governmental Affairs Director (August start date) - 10 to 15 hours/week Establish and maintain relationships with the City of Denton, GSC, Staff Senate and Faculty Senate, also noting University, state and local policy changes that affect students. Research timely student-focused initiatives and create a system to poll and collect student opinions, maximize participation from the student body in UNT SGA sponsored polls, referendums, and elections. Student Concerns Director (August start date) - 10 to 15 hours/week      Reach out to the appropriate campus departments to determine next steps regarding student concerns and follow-up with the students. Serve as the main point of contact for University committee appointments. All Stay up-to-date on student concerns. Attend SGA and Executive Board meetings Schedule meeting and room scheduling, as needed. Check and respond to the UNT SGA email. Other duties as assigned.   If you have any questions, please contact Barrett Cole, UNT SGA President-Elect by email at Barrett.Cole@unt.edu. News and Posts Fall 2016 – Eagle’s Nest Application: Now Open Saturday, August 27, 2016 - 01:40pm Student Government Association Connect with Us sga@unt.edu (940) 565-3850 Physical AddressThe Union, Suite 344 Tweets Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 