 tsgs   gsc  Graduate Student Council Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   gsc  Graduate Student Council Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   gsc  Graduate Student Council Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   gsc  Graduate Student Council Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   gsc  Graduate Student Council Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   gsc  Graduate Student Council Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   gsc  Graduate Student Council Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   gsc  Graduate Student Council Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   gsc  Graduate Student Council Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   gsc  Graduate Student Council Toulouse Graduate School  UNT Graduate Student Council | Toulouse Graduate School Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home For Future Students » For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors For New & Current Students » For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ For Faculty & Staff » For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs For Alumni & Friends » For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook People Contact Us Explore GSC! » Graduate Student Council General Assembly Meetings & Governing Documents » General Assembly Meetings & Governing Documents Advisor Constitution Bylaws Meeting Agendas Meeting Minutes GSC Branches » GSC Branches Legislative Executive Advocacy in Action » Advocacy in Action NAGPS Resources » Resources Student Organizations Travel Grants GSC Event Fund Events Connect With Us Search form Search the UNT web site: Toulouse Graduate School MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Toulouse Graduate School Home For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors Programs UNT offers 82 master’s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs More Info Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info International Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ Support As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services Graduation You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation Teaching UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR. More Resources For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs Forms Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms Defense Notices If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification Resources Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook UNT Alumni The Alumni Association engages the institution’s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association Spotlights View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School. Alumni Success Support Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now People Contact Us UNT Graduate Student Council Who We AreThe Graduate Student Council (GSC) is the official voice and student government for graduate students at UNT. We advocate on behalf of UNT graduate students to ensure that university administration and other stakeholders hear their opinions, needs, and interests. GSC was founded in 1968 to secure formal avenues of communication between representatives of the graduate student body and both the Dean of the Graduate School and the Graduate Council.  On April 2015, we became the official student government of graduate students via a student referendum. Our mission is to improve the graduate student experience by advocating, connecting, and empowering.GSC is comprised of an Executive Branch, Judicial Branch, and Senate. Together, these bodies work to improve the graduate student experience at UNT. Our Legislative Branch, or Senate, consists of 54 graduate student representatives from each of the graduate degree granting departments at UNT.What We DoThe Graduate Student Council is a multi-purpose organization focused on advocating, connecting, and empowering graduate students at UNT. We are the voice of the graduate student body and advocate for student needs and interests at all levels. Over the years, the GSC has worked with numerous UNT offices, administrators, faculty, and staff members to represent the needs and interests of graduate students at UNT. We promote other graduate student organizations’ programs and host university wide events that connect graduate students.  We grant funding to graduate student organizations to host social and academic events and we contribute $20,000 to the Graduate Student Travel Grant administered by the Toulouse Graduate School. In addition, the GSC has engaged in advocacy efforts at the national level through its membership with the National Association of Graduate-Professional Students (NAGPS). Where We AreThe GSC office is located in the University Union, Room 344. Stop by in person, call us at 940-565-6145, or contact us via the contact form. Explore GSC! Graduate Student Council General Assembly Meetings & Governing Documents Advocacy in Action GSC Branches Resources Connect With Us Tweets by @UNT_GSC GSC News Highlights [view all GSC News Highlights] Letter of Interest for the Position of Graduate Student Council President Please read below one of the candidate's letter of interest for the position of President of... read the full story » Executive officers sworn in!! Congrats to @UNT_GSC and... read the full story » GSC Executive Officer Election Results GSC would like to thank all graduate students who participated in our recent elections!  Here are the official results, certified on April 28, 2016:... read the full story » VOTE HERE! To access the GSC ballot, click here.  You will be required to login using your EUID and... read the full story » Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center 1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas 76203-5459 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2383 Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 