 studentaffairs   greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   greek life Greek Life Division of Student Affairs  Greek Life | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Greek Life » Home About » About Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Greek Life Home AboutStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Greek Life Since 1952, the University of North Texas Greek community has been a viable and integral part of campus life. With four councils consisting of 42 fraternities and sororities, our Greek community offers a unique and lifelong involvement experience. Membership in a Greek organization can be one of the most significant experiences for a college student. The value of Greek Life for students who choose to participate is the melding of almost every segment of the campus community into one cohesive program. Greek Life promotes the experience of self-governance, leadership development, academic achievement, community service, social opportunities and friendship.   Guide to Greek Life Schedule a Tour UNT Greek Life Diversity Statement "On behalf of all the Greek organizations at the University of North Texas, the Interfraternity Council, National Pan-Hellenic Council, Panhellenic Council, and Multicultural Greek Council do not support racism or exclusion in any way. We are a diverse Greek Life community based upon the same four pillars of scholarship, service, leadership, and brotherhood/sisterhood. We are truly saddened by the events that have taken place in other Greek communities, and while we do not believe this is a reflection upon the Greek Life community at North Texas, we do recognize the issues of racism and the consequences it brings. Thus, we are further committed to creating a more unified and welcoming community."  Greek Life Center Programs Rho Lambda Rho Lambda, the National Sorority Leadership Recognition Society, was founded at the University of Miami as a... By: Greek Life Greek Ambassadors The Greek Ambassador program is necessary to more adequately promote the true purpose of fraternity and... By: Greek Life Greek Life Center Pavers Order a paver. By: Greek Life Greek Awards The Greek Awards Ceremony is an annual tradition held to commemorate and honor excellence in performance,... By: Greek Life Greek Preview Day Each Spring we hold our annual Greek Preview Day, an all-day program which provides an opportunity for UNT’s... By: Greek Life Councils and Chapters Joining a fraternity or sorority is about so much more than simply making friends. At UNT, our chapters are... By: Greek Life Panhellenic Recruitment Team The Panhellenic Recruitment Team are comprised of Rho Gammas and the Logistics Team. Rho Gammas are... By: Greek Life Greek Emerging Leaders Held in the Fall and Spring semesters, the Greek Emerging Leaders class is geared towards any member of the... By: Greek Life News and Posts Greek Alumni Friday, September 09, 2016 - 06:07pm Greek Life Connect with Us greeklife@unt.edu (940) 369-8463 Physical Address621 S. Welch St. Tweets Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 