 studentaffairs   greek life programs councils and chapters Councils and Chapters Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   greek life programs councils and chapters Councils and Chapters Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   greek life programs councils and chapters Councils and Chapters Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   greek life programs councils and chapters Councils and Chapters Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   greek life programs councils and chapters Councils and Chapters Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   greek life programs councils and chapters Councils and Chapters Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   greek life programs councils and chapters Councils and Chapters Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   greek life programs councils and chapters Councils and Chapters Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   greek life programs councils and chapters Councils and Chapters Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   greek life programs councils and chapters Councils and Chapters Division of Student Affairs  Councils and Chapters | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Greek Life » Home About » About Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Greek Life Home AboutStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Councils and Chapters Recruitment refers broadly to all opportunities in which a student might seek membership within one of the fraternities or sororities on campus.  The recruitment process differs for each of the four Greek councils. Some recruitment processes are very casual, while others are more formal in structure, all representing a mutual selection process. Please select the appropriate council link to the left for specifics regarding membership opportunities. For more information about all the councils, check out our Greek Life Magazine. Why should you join?  Joining a fraternity or sorority is about so much more than simply making friends. At UNT, our chapters are held to the highest standards of scholastic responsibility, they participate heavily in a wide range of philanthropic programs and events, all while creating lifelong bonds through true brotherhood and sisterhood. When you become a member of Greek Life, you immerse yourself in a national organization that has already set deep roots in American history with thousands of influential alumni including presidents, astronauts, Nobel Prize winners, political activists, and countless others. Joining Greek Life isn’t about paying for friends, it’s about becoming a part of something larger than yourself and discovering opportunities that may have otherwise been unavailable to you. No two students have the same Greek experience, and we want you to find your own unique journey through Greek Life at UNT. Receive Academic Support  When it comes down to it, you are always going to be a student first. That’s why you are at UNT, and when you join Greek Life we are going to help you realize that goal of graduating with the degree that will allow you to be successful in life after college. Many fraternities and sororities offer scholarships to brothers and sisters who do well in order to help with the cost of college and aid those who may be paying their own way, and study hours are always recommended and sometimes required to ensure that you are taking care of academic responsibilities. Most of our fraternities and sororities have tutoring systems in place in which active members lend aid to each other and often you can be matched to a member who has the same degree plan as you. As per national guidelines, our fraternities and sororities have expectations of all members to maintain a certain GPA so that we can consistently hold ourselves to a higher standard. Enjoy Social Activities & Sports  Everyone wants to have the full college experience, but it isn’t always so easy to find. When you become a member of Greek Life at UNT, you will discover that we have found the balance between a healthy and enjoyable social life and responsible, consistent academic achievement. Intramural sports allow our Greek Life members to bond through friendly competition, and whatever your skill, whatever your interest, there is a team for you to participate on. There are social activities for everyone, whether you prefer small groups or large crowds. These activities connect you to your chapter, the Greek community, and the campus. Don't make the assumption that social just means alcohol, social experiences in Greek Life at UNT include Homecoming, mixers, dances, athletic events, and so much more. Build a Network of Opportunities  Remember, you're joining a world-wide brotherhood or sisterhood. Fraternity and sorority alumni groups can be found in cities across the nation that help you stay involved in your organization even after graduation. There are over five million fraternity and sorority alumni world-wide, and when you graduate this network is invaluable in finding and securing internships, summer work, references, and professional careers. Brotherhood and sisterhood doesn’t end just because you graduated, and the skills and abilities you learn and develop while in a fraternity or sorority at UNT will aid you throughout your life. You truly get out of it what you put into it, so we encourage you to research our organizations, and begin your own journey. Councils & Chapters Collegiate Panhellenic Council Interfraternity Council Multicultural Greek Council National Pan-Hellenic Council Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 