 lt    Department of Learning Technologies lt    Department of Learning Technologies lt    Department of Learning Technologies lt    Department of Learning Technologies lt    Department of Learning Technologies lt    Department of Learning Technologies lt    Department of Learning Technologies lt    Department of Learning Technologies lt    Department of Learning Technologies lt    Department of Learning Technologies  University of North Texas - Department of Learning Technologies skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Information Department of Learning Technologies QUICK LINKS News Degrees & Certifications Faculty & Staff Courses & Schedules Research Current Students Advisory Board Visiting Scholars Undergrad Master's Doctorate LT MS Certification CTE Cert. Advisory Board Visitors Moodle Classes.LT CourseWeb Forums.LT CKS IITTL TCET Printed Tuesday May 9, 2017 8:31pm from http://lt.unt.edu Expanding WorldsOnline programs aimed at career advancement and change.Get Started"With my Ph.D. I was able to get into the academic position I was seeking."— Robert Hancock, Class of '06 Advance Your CareerYou may be closer than you think to advancing your career with an Undergraduate or Graduate degree.Get Started"The program is helping me achieve my career goals by equipping me with knowledge and expertise." Begin the Road to SuccessLeverage your Associate's degree into a Bachelor's degree with only 42 credit hours.Get Started 12 Courses. 14 Months. 100% Online. 1 Perfect Choice for Your MS in Learning Technologies Degree!Get Started Technology News... More News Stories Bachelor of Applied Arts & Sciences Gain your Bachelor's degree online. Get Started Master Degrees You may be closer than you think. Get Started Doctoral Degrees Learning Technologies offers three Ph.D. programs. Get Started Certificates Advance your career with a certificate. Get Started Distance Delivered Ph.D. Earn your Ph.D. at a distance. Get Started Instructional Systems Technology Avoid disrupting your life with our completely online degree. Get Started Visit Us UNT Discovery Park 1st Floor, G Wing, Suite 150 [map] Mail Us Dept. of Learning Technologies 3940 N. Elm, Suite G150 Denton, Texas 76207 Contact Us Phone: 940-565-2057 Fax: 940-565-4194 Email: LT-info@unt.edu Technical problems? Site last updated on March 19, 2017 Built with Laravel v4.0.10 Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Web Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness 