s mdr   content why ms merchandising Why MS in Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content why ms merchandising Why MS in Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content why ms merchandising Why MS in Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content why ms merchandising Why MS in Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content why ms merchandising Why MS in Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content why ms merchandising Why MS in Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content why ms merchandising Why MS in Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content why ms merchandising Why MS in Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content why ms merchandising Why MS in Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content why ms merchandising Why MS in Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailing  Why MS in Merchandising? | Merchandising & Digital Retailing Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Undergraduate » Undergraduate Why MDR? Degree Program » Degree Program Digital Retailing » Digital Retailing DRTL Degree Planning Sheet Home Furnishings Merchandising » Home Furnishings Merchandising HFMD Degree Planning Sheet Merchandising » Merchandising MDSE Degree Planning Sheet Retailing » Retailing RETL Degree Planning Sheet Advising Professional Development Program » Professional Development Program Market Menternship Program Merchant Development Program Grad Pathways Graduate » Graduate Why MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application Research Get Involved » Get Involved Annual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni Scholarship Career Opportunities » Career Opportunities Begin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty Advising For Employers » For Employers Career Expo Post a Job Opening Merchandising & Digital Retailing MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Merchandising & Digital Retailing Main menu UndergraduateWhy MDR? Degree ProgramDigital RetailingDRTL Degree Planning Sheet Home Furnishings MerchandisingHFMD Degree Planning Sheet MerchandisingMDSE Degree Planning Sheet RetailingRETL Degree Planning Sheet Advising Professional Development ProgramMarket Menternship Program Merchant Development Program Grad Pathways GraduateWhy MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application Research Get InvolvedAnnual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni Scholarship Career OpportunitiesBegin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network Faculty & StaffFaculty Advising For EmployersCareer Expo Post a Job Opening Why MS in Merchandising? Why MS in Merchandising? The Master of Science degree in merchandising offers an integrated program of study focusing on the management of products, services, and experiences in a consumer-driven global market. Our program prepared students to become leaders in the global industry as well as scholars in higher education Effective leaders are developed through core competencies including solving complex problems, generating new knowledge, communicating effectively, and creating new product and business strategies. Graduate coursework in research methods, research applications, merchandising strategies, international sourcing, and consumer theory prepare students for careers in industry or higher education. "The master’s program in merchandising is challenging, exciting, and rewarding. There was never a dull moment and I am glad that I chose this program. Indeed, I would not have achieved so much without the support and encouragement from the faculty members who have made the program even more enjoyable. No matter what you are looking for, career advancement or academic research, UNT is a great choice. This experience certainly opened my eyes and brought me to a whole new world."- Jiani Zhang (student from 2012- 2014), Email Marketing Analyst PFSWeb "My experience at the University of North Texas was milestone of my life. My research interest has developed since undergraduate senior year of 2009 as I was awarded an honorable mention with the research entitled O.P.E.N Lotte: Sustainability Framework for Global Consumers from an international research competition held by Ministry of environment of Korea, Lotte department store and Korea Academy of Marketing Science. Since then, my passion for research awarded me with more specific career goal and life direction to become an influential professor and a scholar. Recently, a paper of mine about sustainable stewardship in consumers’ practices has been published in the International Journal of Consumer Studies, and another paper about brand experience is slated for publication in June in the Journal of Research in Interactive Marketing.  Without UNT’s great resources, undergrad and grad programs and exceptional faculties, I wouldn’t have come this far. Experience at the UNT is truly my life turning point experience." - Stacy Lee (student from 2009-2011), Doctoral Student at Univrsity of Missouri   Apply Now   Schedule a visit   Talk to Graduate Coordinator Visit Us Chilton Hall Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism 1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 