s mdr   content merchandising Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content merchandising Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content merchandising Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content merchandising Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content merchandising Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content merchandising Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content merchandising Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content merchandising Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content merchandising Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content merchandising Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailing  Merchandising | Merchandising & Digital Retailing Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Undergraduate » Undergraduate Why MDR? Degree Program » Degree Program Digital Retailing » Digital Retailing DRTL Degree Planning Sheet Home Furnishings Merchandising » Home Furnishings Merchandising HFMD Degree Planning Sheet Merchandising » Merchandising MDSE Degree Planning Sheet Retailing » Retailing RETL Degree Planning Sheet Advising Professional Development Program » Professional Development Program Market Menternship Program Merchant Development Program Grad Pathways Graduate » Graduate Why MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application Research Get Involved » Get Involved Annual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni Scholarship Career Opportunities » Career Opportunities Begin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty Advising For Employers » For Employers Career Expo Post a Job Opening Merchandising & Digital Retailing MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Merchandising & Digital Retailing Main menu UndergraduateWhy MDR? Degree ProgramDigital RetailingDRTL Degree Planning Sheet Home Furnishings MerchandisingHFMD Degree Planning Sheet MerchandisingMDSE Degree Planning Sheet RetailingRETL Degree Planning Sheet Advising Professional Development ProgramMarket Menternship Program Merchant Development Program Grad Pathways GraduateWhy MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application Research Get InvolvedAnnual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni Scholarship Career OpportunitiesBegin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network Faculty & StaffFaculty Advising For EmployersCareer Expo Post a Job Opening Merchandising Merchandising Merchandising degree at UNT is one of the top merchandising programs in the nation. The program prepares students to critically analyze merchandising strategies related to the planning, development, distribution, and merchandising of fashion-oriented products in consumer-driven markets.  Graduates of the program pursue careers such as: Buyer for a retail brand Product Developer Store Analyst Visual Merchandiser Store management Merchandise Planner Brand Manager Product Manager Showroom Management Merchandising majors take courses in merchandising, product development, textiles, consumer behavior, buying, global sourcing, trend analysis, brand development, and promotion. In addition, students complete a minor in general business or marketing and logistics. MDSE 2350 - Product Development 1 Comprehensive overview of apparel product development, including researching and interpreting fashion direction, analyzing comparable market offerings, and developing color, style and fabric trends. Customer conversion, revenue optimization, global collaboration, and selling innovation are explored. MDSE 2490 - Introduction to Apparel Merchandising Survey of the apparel industry including development, merchandising and distribution. Introduction to apparel terminology, resources, industry participants and career opportunities. MDSE 2650 - Textiles for Apparel Fibers, fabric, construction and finishes applied to selection, use and care of apparel fabrics. MDSE 2750 - Consumers in a Global Market Cross-cultural comparisons using systems, human needs, and consumer behavior frameworks are integrated with critical, empirical and creative thinking processes to develop a global perspective that is sensitive to diverse consumers’ needs and preferences for products and services in a global market. This class helps students gather the tools necessary for full engagement in the undergraduate experience by having them examine their own value systems and compare and contrast them with other cultures’ in a consumption context. Requires students to think critically, articulate views, cultivate self-awareness, balance and an openness to change, and engage with others in thoughtful and well-crafted communication. MDSE 3250 - Product Development 2 Analysis of the apparel production process, including quality issues relative to development and production of ready-to-wear apparel. Concepts include apparel components, sizing, costing and production planning. MDSE 3350 - Historic and Contemporary Styles of Apparel Survey of costume from the 16th century to the present. Emphasis on technological, cultural and social influences on historic and contemporary styles. MDSE 3370 - Fashion Theory and Trend Analysis Theoretical frameworks are examined and used to interpret the meanings of dress in cultural patterns, social organizations, social interactions and personal identities. Current fashion trends are analyzed and interpreted through the study of popular culture and everyday life. MDSE 3510 - Profit-Centered Merchandising Introduction to buying, merchandising planning and control, and pricing. MDSE 3650 - Advanced Textiles Evaluate aesthetic, durability, comfort, care, and safety problems associated with consumer textile products. Use AATCC and ASTM standards and procedures, basic research methods, technical and consumer literature, and computer applications to prepare a comprehensive textile product evaluation report. MDSE 3750 - Consumer Studies in Apparel and Home Furnishings Exploration of motivations influencing consumer purchase and use of apparel and home furnishing products. A comprehensive theoretical and practical knowledge base is used to investigate various individual and environmental factors as they relate to the consumer purchase process and its outcomes. MDSE 4001 - New York Study Tour for Merchandising and Digital Retailing Experience fashion and home furnishings industries through visits to manufacturing facilities, retail establishments, museums, historical structures, and industry support organizations in New York. Pre-trip and post-trip classes required. Students may get program credit for up to two study tour classes. MDSE 4002 - Dallas Study Tour for Merchandising and Digital Retailing Experience merchandising industries through visits to manufacturing facilities, retail establishments, museums, historical structures, and industry support organizations in and around Dallas. Students may get program credit for up to two study tour classes. MDSE 4003 - Global Discovery: Hong Kong/China Experience fashion and home furnishings industries through visits to manufacturing facilities, retail establishments, museums, historical structures, and industry support organizations in Hong Kong and China. Pre-trip and post-trip classes required. Students may get program credit for up to two study tour classes. MDSE 4010 - Global Textiles and Apparel Industries Overview of textile and apparel industries with emphasis on international issues and factors affecting processes from the production through distribution of textiles and apparel.  MDSE 4020 - E-Passport: Virtual Study Abroad Parallel experiences are provided for resident (e-passport) and study abroad students (passport) who participate in SMHM’s study abroad experiences. Collaborative cultural immersion is experienced through authentic experiences, online and personal interactions, and appropriate assignments. MDSE 4080 - Merchandising Ventures Exploration of the merchandisers’ role in establishing new ventures with fashion and home furnishings products. Includes non-traditional merchandising formats. MDSE 4510 - Advanced Buying, Planning and Allocation In-depth study of planning, buying and distributing merchandise to retail stores. MDSE 4560 - Sustainable Strategies in Merchandising Comprehensive application of sustainability practices for product development and retail design in apparel and home furnishings enterprises. MDSE 4660 - Advanced Merchandising Applications Capstone course requiring students to apply merchandising theory, principles and practices to solve industry case studies. Emphasis on problem solving, case analysis, creative thinking, fact finding, data analysis and data interpretation. MDSE 4004 - Global Discovery: Europe Experience fashion and home furnishings industries through visits to manufacturing facilities, retail establishments, museums, historical structures, and industry support organizations in Europe, primarily in Paris and London. Pre-trip and post-trip class meetings required. MDR students may get program credit for up to two study tour classes. Apply Now Schedule a visit Talk to an Undergraduate advisor Visit Us Chilton Hall Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism 1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 