s mdr   content digital retailing Digital Retailing Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content digital retailing Digital Retailing Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content digital retailing Digital Retailing Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content digital retailing Digital Retailing Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content digital retailing Digital Retailing Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content digital retailing Digital Retailing Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content digital retailing Digital Retailing Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content digital retailing Digital Retailing Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content digital retailing Digital Retailing Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content digital retailing Digital Retailing Merchandising Digital Retailing  Digital Retailing | Merchandising & Digital Retailing Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Undergraduate » Undergraduate Why MDR? Degree Program » Degree Program Digital Retailing » Digital Retailing DRTL Degree Planning Sheet Home Furnishings Merchandising » Home Furnishings Merchandising HFMD Degree Planning Sheet Merchandising » Merchandising MDSE Degree Planning Sheet Retailing » Retailing RETL Degree Planning Sheet Advising Professional Development Program » Professional Development Program Market Menternship Program Merchant Development Program Grad Pathways Graduate » Graduate Why MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application Research Get Involved » Get Involved Annual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni Scholarship Career Opportunities » Career Opportunities Begin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty Advising For Employers » For Employers Career Expo Post a Job Opening Merchandising & Digital Retailing MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Merchandising & Digital Retailing Main menu UndergraduateWhy MDR? Degree ProgramDigital RetailingDRTL Degree Planning Sheet Home Furnishings MerchandisingHFMD Degree Planning Sheet MerchandisingMDSE Degree Planning Sheet RetailingRETL Degree Planning Sheet Advising Professional Development ProgramMarket Menternship Program Merchant Development Program Grad Pathways GraduateWhy MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application Research Get InvolvedAnnual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni Scholarship Career OpportunitiesBegin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network Faculty & StaffFaculty Advising For EmployersCareer Expo Post a Job Opening Digital Retailing Digital Retailing Digital Retailing program at UNT is unique among U.S. universities. The program prepares students to understand the unique characteristics of the digital and brick-and-mortar formats and how to leverage omni-channel experiences.  Graduates of the program pursue careers such as: E-commerce manager E-commerce merchandiser Web analytics specialist Forecasting and planning specialist Usability and A/B testing specialist Search engine optimization/search engine marketing manager Project manager Social media manager Digital Retailing students take courses in design architecture, social media, digital retailing analytics, consumer behavior, buying, sourcing, and logistics. DRTL 2080 - Digital Authoring and Publishing Tools A study of basic website design for retailing. DRTL 2090 - Introduction to Digital Retailing Survey of electronic merchandising and its application to consumer products and services for business to business and business to consumer. Introduction to electronic merchandising theory, terminology, resources, industry participants and career opportunities. DRTL 3090 - Consumer Engagement in Digital Channels Students examine emerging digital technologies and their impact on the consumer experience. Emphasis is on exploration of new technologies (e.g., blogs, customer relationship management) and critical evaluation of their influence on merchandising and hospitality management strategies. DRTL 3190- Digital Retailing Strategies Survey of omni-channel retail strategies and their impact on consumer experience in digital markets. Emphasis is on understanding of digital technologies (e.g., customer relationship management, SEO, social media metrics) and critically evaluating their influence, particularly on digital merchandising strategies. DRTL 4070 - Digital Retail Analytics A study of key concepts, diagnostic approaches, techniques and practices of web analytics used to create measurable value for the digital retailing channel. DRTL 4090 - Virtual Merchandising Study and application of visual merchandising in a virtual format. Emphasis on merchandising processes that convey product characteristics to the consumer from production through distribution. Development of web site using computer software. Apply Now   Schedule a visit   Talk to an Undergraduate advisor Visit Us Chilton Hall Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism 1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 