s mdr   content home furnishings merchandising Home Furnishings Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content home furnishings merchandising Home Furnishings Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content home furnishings merchandising Home Furnishings Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content home furnishings merchandising Home Furnishings Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content home furnishings merchandising Home Furnishings Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content home furnishings merchandising Home Furnishings Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content home furnishings merchandising Home Furnishings Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content home furnishings merchandising Home Furnishings Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content home furnishings merchandising Home Furnishings Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailings mdr   content home furnishings merchandising Home Furnishings Merchandising Merchandising Digital Retailing  Home Furnishings Merchandising | Merchandising & Digital Retailing Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Undergraduate » Undergraduate Why MDR? Degree Program » Degree Program Digital Retailing » Digital Retailing DRTL Degree Planning Sheet Home Furnishings Merchandising » Home Furnishings Merchandising HFMD Degree Planning Sheet Merchandising » Merchandising MDSE Degree Planning Sheet Retailing » Retailing RETL Degree Planning Sheet Advising Professional Development Program » Professional Development Program Market Menternship Program Merchant Development Program Grad Pathways Graduate » Graduate Why MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application Research Get Involved » Get Involved Annual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni Scholarship Career Opportunities » Career Opportunities Begin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty Advising For Employers » For Employers Career Expo Post a Job Opening Merchandising & Digital Retailing MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Merchandising & Digital Retailing Main menu UndergraduateWhy MDR? Degree ProgramDigital RetailingDRTL Degree Planning Sheet Home Furnishings MerchandisingHFMD Degree Planning Sheet MerchandisingMDSE Degree Planning Sheet RetailingRETL Degree Planning Sheet Advising Professional Development ProgramMarket Menternship Program Merchant Development Program Grad Pathways GraduateWhy MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application Research Get InvolvedAnnual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni Scholarship Career OpportunitiesBegin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network Faculty & StaffFaculty Advising For EmployersCareer Expo Post a Job Opening Home Furnishings Merchandising Home Furnishings Merchandising The Home Furnishings Merchandising Degree at UNT is only one of a very few programs nation-wide that focuses specifically on the myriad of home furnishings products that continually arrive on the market. This multi-billion dollar industry is responsible for the creative, aesthetic and functional outcome of an entire innovative industry that is constantly analyzing information and transforming ideas into products to shape the home environment. Graduates of the program pursue careers such as: Furniture and decorative accessories companies Home accent and decorative accessory companies Home builders Home centers Manufacturers Sales representatives Showroom management A degree in home furnishings merchandising differs from a degree in interior design*. In home furnishings merchandising, the curriculum emphasis is on product development, merchandising, and residential aesthetics. As a home furnishing merchandiser, graduates may be involved in creating, developing, sourcing, manufacturing and merchandising products within the broad categories of home furnishings and decorative accessories. Home furnishings majors take courses in decorative accessories, estimating, drawing and planning, consumer behavior, buying, sourcing, aesthetics, furniture industry, textiles for home furnishings, and historic furniture. In addition, students complete a minor in general business or marketing and logistics. HFMD 2380 - Foundations for Home Furnishings HFMD 2380 - Foundations for Home Furnishings HFMD 2400 - Introduction to the Furniture Industry Overview of the furniture and home furnishings industry. Topics include product development, manufacturing, distribution and merchandising of these products. Introduction to industry terminology, resources and career opportunities. HFMD 2655 - Textiles for Home Furnishings Fibers, fabric, construction and finishes applied to selection, use and care of home furnishings fabrics. HFMD 3355 - Historic and Contemporary Styles of Home Furnishings Survey of furnishings in the built environment from the 16th century to the present. Emphasis on technological, cultural and social influences on historic and contemporary styles. HFMD 3405 - Drawing and Planning for Home Furnishings Development of basic drawing and drafting skills. Emphasis on incorporating hand drafting techniques specific to the planning of cabinetry/fixture placement and home furnishings arrangements. HFMD 3410 - CAD for Home Furnishings Concentration on CAD applications in the planning of home environments, including kitchen and other work zone areas. Focus on planning criteria for these spaces addressing function, aesthetics and economics. HFMD 3570 - Decorative Accessories Merchandising Overview of decorative accessories in historical contexts and in current industry applications. Examination of production and merchandising of products including giftware, lighting, home accents, rugs, accent furniture, softgoods and tabletop. HFMD 4400 - Estimating for Home Furnishings Practical aspects of home furnishings and interior treatments; professional practices in home furnishings merchandising. Apply Now Schedule a visit Talk to an Undergraduate advisor Visit Us Chilton Hall Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism 1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 