 cmht   content internship requirements Internship Requirements CMHT  cmht   content internship requirements Internship Requirements CMHT  cmht   content internship requirements Internship Requirements CMHT  cmht   content internship requirements Internship Requirements CMHT  cmht   content internship requirements Internship Requirements CMHT  cmht   content internship requirements Internship Requirements CMHT  cmht   content internship requirements Internship Requirements CMHT  cmht   content internship requirements Internship Requirements CMHT  cmht   content internship requirements Internship Requirements CMHT  cmht   content internship requirements Internship Requirements CMHT   Internship Requirements | CMHT Internship Requirements | CMHT Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard IT Faculty Resources Qualtrics home Merchandising & Digital Retailing Hospitality & Tourism Management About Us Faculty & Staff Submitted by Sampath Pamidimuk... on Thu, 08/16/2012 - 11:18am Effective Fall 2007: Students entering the College must complete the 3-credit lecture course, Pre-Internship Seminar course prior to enrolling in their final internship experience, CMHT 4790 (Senior Internship). Hospitality Management Checklist: Enroll in HMGT 2790 immediately upon entry into the program. Prior to being considered for acceptance for major status, Pre-majors will be required to complete a minimum of 100 hours of work within a position in the hospitality industry. Then provide documentation of 300 or 400 hours, depending your catalog year, of hospitality industry work experience prior to enrolling in CMHT 4790. Merchandising Checklist: Enroll in MDSE 3790 one semester prior to final anticipated internship. Complete internship, CMHT 4790, during final 1-2 semesters of degree completion. Merchandising students will begin enrolling in MDSE 3790 starting Fall 2009. Internship Applications: Merchandising Internship Application Hospitality Management Internship Application Internship Resources: Prospective Employers of Hospitality Management Interns Internship Requirements Letter for Merchandising Employers   Senior Internship Requirements The College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism requires students to complete an internship in their field of study as a capstone course before they graduate. An internship provides students with supervised, hands-on industry experience and career awareness. This setting provides fascinating and valuable opportunities for experiential learning and serves as a bridge between education and business. Through the internship, the student experiences the transfer of knowledge gained in the classroom to tasks such as problem solving, critical thinking, and working as a team member. To receive academic credit, students must complete 300 hours of work experience in merchandising and 300 hours of work experience in hospitality related positions, attend on-campus classes, and complete online course requirements. The annual Career Expos, for Merchandising & Hospitality Management, attract companies to campus to recruit students for internships and full-time career opportunities. While there are numerous resources to assist students in obtaining an internship, the ultimate responsibility is that of the student-the process prepares them for the task of entering the job market. Helpful Tips Students must attend the mandatory pre-internship meeting held the semester prior to their anticipated internship. The purpose of this meeting is to learn of job opportunities, required meeting dates, and specific internship guidelines. To secure the advising code, students must submit a completed application, resume, and transcript to Ms. Dee Wilson (Merchandising) or Mr. Jerry Dickenson (Hospitality Management) or Ms. Rosa Malave (Hospitality Management). IInternships frequently lead to full-time career opportunities; therefore, students are encouraged to complete their internship during their final semesters after completing all required course work. It is strongly recommended that students concentrate on their internships without the distractions of taking other courses. Therefore, students should plan to take no more than nine (9) hours in addition to the internship course during the Fall and Spring semesters. In the summer, the internship course begins in Summer I and extends through Summer II. Students enrolling for Internship during the summer should take no more than one additional class during each summer term when completing a summer internship. The student is encouraged to secure employment with a company that provides new and different experiences. If a student requests to complete an internship with their present employer, there must be strong justification and support. If the student works in an hourly employee capacity, they should be able to transfer to at least 2 or 3 different positions and shadow a manager in each position. CMHT policy stipulates that no student can complete an internship with a company in which persons related to them serve as their direct supervisor, nor shall any student obtain employment with a family- owned or operated business. Students must maintain employment throughout an entire semester with the same employer (15 weeks during the long term/ 10 weeks during summer). Each semester credit hour requires a minimum 50 hours on the job. This equates to 300 hours (20 hours per week during the fall or spring semester/ 30 hours per week during the summer). Students may complete an "off-campus" internship with an approved company. An "off-campus" site refers to those that are further than 90 miles from the UNT campus. Students who are approved for an "off-campus" internship must complete additional assignments in lieu of class attendance.  For further information, contact: Dee Wilson, CMHT Lecturer & Career Development Coordinator, dee.wilson@unt.edu (Merchandising) Rosa Malave, CMHT Lecturer & Career Development Coordinator, rosa.malave@unt.edu (Hospitality Management) Contact Us: College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism 1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2436 Fax: 940.565.4348 Visit Us: Chilton Hall Room Number: 331, 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 http://cmht.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. cmht@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? Sampath.Pamidimukkala@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 1, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 