 cmht   scholarships info Scholarship Information CMHT  cmht   scholarships info Scholarship Information CMHT  cmht   scholarships info Scholarship Information CMHT  cmht   scholarships info Scholarship Information CMHT  cmht   scholarships info Scholarship Information CMHT  cmht   scholarships info Scholarship Information CMHT  cmht   scholarships info Scholarship Information CMHT  cmht   scholarships info Scholarship Information CMHT  cmht   scholarships info Scholarship Information CMHT  cmht   scholarships info Scholarship Information CMHT   Scholarship Information | CMHT Scholarship Information | CMHT Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard IT Faculty Resources Qualtrics home Merchandising & Digital Retailing Hospitality & Tourism Management About Us Faculty & Staff Submitted by Ratna Kireeti Eluri on Thu, 03/15/2012 - 12:23pm Scholarship Information CMHT Application Form Recipient Information Form Why UNT About Denton Transit Scholarship Information The College of Merchandising, Hospitality and Tourism has excellent industry support for students through significant endowments and scholarships. The College's high profile has resulted in major gifts from companies such as Ben E. Keith, Marriott, J.C. Penney, Nordstrom, Fossil, and many others. Scholarship endowments exceed $1,000,000.   Scholarship awards are based on academic performance, career goals, letters of recommendation, and extra-curricular involvement. A scholarship reception is held each April to celebrate the accomplishments of award recipients with faculty, parents, and industry donors. Deadline: Feb 1 Scholarship Requirements To receive an CMHT scholarship, one must maintain: 3.0 cumulative GPA and a 3.0 GPA each semester; Status as an CMHT major at UNT, taking required courses on degree plan and enrolling in the number of required courses at UNT(see scholarship application for details); Full-time student status (i.e. 12-15 credit hours for undergraduate students and 9 hours for graduate students). Important Scholarship Facts: A scholarship of $1,000 will waive out-of state tuition for international students and out-of-state students for the academic year. Failure to fulfill scholarship requirements will result in revocation of scholarship funds. Eligible recipients may be supported no longer than 4 years for BS degree or 2 years for MS degree. The submission of a scholarship application does not automatically guarantee a scholarship. The awards are competitive and based on availability of funds. Financial Aid CLICK HERE to apply for UNT scholarship Contact Us: College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism 1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2436 Fax: 940.565.4348 Visit Us: Chilton Hall Room Number: 331, 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 http://cmht.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. cmht@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? Sampath.Pamidimukkala@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 1, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 