 cmht   alumni ways to give Ways To Give CMHT  cmht   alumni ways to give Ways To Give CMHT  cmht   alumni ways to give Ways To Give CMHT  cmht   alumni ways to give Ways To Give CMHT  cmht   alumni ways to give Ways To Give CMHT  cmht   alumni ways to give Ways To Give CMHT  cmht   alumni ways to give Ways To Give CMHT  cmht   alumni ways to give Ways To Give CMHT  cmht   alumni ways to give Ways To Give CMHT  cmht   alumni ways to give Ways To Give CMHT   Ways To Give | CMHT Ways To Give | CMHT Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard IT Faculty Resources Qualtrics home Merchandising & Digital Retailing Hospitality & Tourism Management About Us Faculty & Staff Submitted by Ratna Kireeti Eluri on Thu, 03/08/2012 - 8:08pm Alumni Update Your Information Ways To Give Hospitality & Tourism Management Newsletters Merchandising & digital retailing Newsletters Why UNT About Denton Transit Donation Wish List Give Now Doors are opened and student lives are changed by the generous gifts of alumni and university friends. Consider supporting the College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism by contributing to any of our College initiatives. CMHT International Education Fund (IEF) Support student and faculty activities, programs, and research that promote and build international linkages with universities, organizations, and businesses throughout the world. Examples of programs include our Hong Kong/China study abroad program, E-Passport course, and sponsorship of international guest lecturers and visiting scholars. Annual Event Sponsorships Sponsor one of the numerous School events such as the Creating Consumer Experience Symposium, the Undergraduate and Graduate Research Competition, Highway to Success, Executive-in-Residence Lecture Series, or a Career Expo. Endowments for Distinguished Chairs Endow a distinguished faculty chair position in either merchandising or hospitality management. Positions, such as the Dedman Chair in Club Management, enrich student learning by bringing industry expertise and connections to the classroom. Professional Development Sponsorships Support student and/or faculty participation in industry and professional conferences (e.g., the National Retail Federation Big Show in New York or the National Restaurant Association show in Chicago). Graduate Student Fellowships Encourage graduate research through the sponsorship of named fellowships for advanced academic study or thesis research. Publication Sponsorships Endorse our School through the sponsorship of promotional pieces such as student newsletters, alumni updates, industry brochures, or other student recruitment materials. Industry Technology Fund Donate upgrades or emerging technologies for instructional use. Fund research for technology implementation. Named Scholarships Consider supporting one of our many named scholarships including the Jerry Dickenson, Lea Dopson, Ellen L. Flottman, Suzanne LaBrecque, Johnny Sue Reynolds, Bobye J. Riney, Florence I. Scoular, Richard Tas, or J.T. Whitaker scholarship.   To inquire about donations, please contact the College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism at 940.565.2436 or email Dean Forney at jforney@unt.edu. Ways To Give Whether you are a graduate of theCollege of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism an industry partner, or a university friend, you can strengthen academic programs and invest in the future of our students through your generous donation. Listed below are the many ways you can give to our school and university. Giving to UNT Giving to the College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism UNT Foundation Contact Us: College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism 1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2436 Fax: 940.565.4348 Visit Us: Chilton Hall Room Number: 331, 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 http://cmht.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. cmht@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? Sampath.Pamidimukkala@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 1, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 