 cmht   industry partners Industry Partners CMHT  cmht   industry partners Industry Partners CMHT  cmht   industry partners Industry Partners CMHT  cmht   industry partners Industry Partners CMHT  cmht   industry partners Industry Partners CMHT  cmht   industry partners Industry Partners CMHT  cmht   industry partners Industry Partners CMHT  cmht   industry partners Industry Partners CMHT  cmht   industry partners Industry Partners CMHT  cmht   industry partners Industry Partners CMHT   Industry Partners | CMHT Industry Partners | CMHT Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard IT Faculty Resources Qualtrics home Merchandising & Digital Retailing Hospitality & Tourism Management About Us Faculty & Staff Submitted by Ratna Kireeti Eluri on Fri, 03/23/2012 - 10:35am Industry Partners Board of Governors Why UNT About Denton Transit Industry Partners The College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism provides unlimited career opportunities for its graduates locally, nationally, and internationally. The Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex holds a unique position in the nation as it boasts more restaurants and shopping per capita than any other region of the country. The concentration of retail outlets and impressive list of corporate headquarters offer UNT a distinctive opportunity to develop focused programs that meet the workforce needs in the North Texas region and beyond. Digital Retailing The digital retailing program at UNT prepares students to apply merchandising strategies in a consumer-driven global market in the virtual format. The Metroplex is the headquarters of many major retail-merchandising companies such as Fossil, J.C. Penney, and Neiman Marcus, all which operate both brick-and-mortar and virtual formats. See additional Digital Retailing career options. Home Furnishings Merchandising A degree in home furnishings merchandising can lead to a broad range of careers in this multi-faceted industry including product development, manufacturing, wholesaling and retailing. Many graduates of UNT's program work in home centers for major national retailers such as Michael's, Pier 1 Imports, and the Container Store. Other alumni own their own businesses or work in wholesale showrooms or at specialty companies such as Drexel Heritage, Ethan Allen Interiors, Global Views, and The Kitchen Source. See additional home furnishings merchandising career options. Hospitality Management Alumni of UNT's hospitality management program work for global companies such as the Marriott Corp., Starbucks, Pepsico, Four Seasons Hotels, Brinker International, ClubCorp, Hilton Hotels Corp., and T.G.I. Friday's. Graduates of the program pursue challenging careers as food service or hotel general managers, meeting and convention sales representatives, hotel sales and marketing or country club managers. See additional hospitality management career options. Merchandising Graduates of the merchandising program have excelled as buyers, merchandise planners, managers, product development specialists, and trend forecasters for leading companies such as Army Air Force Exchange Service, Dillard's, Fossil, J.C. Penney, Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom, Tiffany's, Target, and Zale Corporation. See additional merchandising career options. Contact Us: College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism 1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2436 Fax: 940.565.4348 Visit Us: Chilton Hall Room Number: 331, 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 http://cmht.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. cmht@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? Sampath.Pamidimukkala@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 1, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 