 news   news releases  researcher e2 80 99s walmart foundation grant aims bring jobs back us 0  researcher s Walmart Foundation grant aims to bring jobs back to U S News  news   news releases  researcher e2 80 99s walmart foundation grant aims bring jobs back us 0  researcher s Walmart Foundation grant aims to bring jobs back to U S News  news   news releases  researcher e2 80 99s walmart foundation grant aims bring jobs back us 0  researcher s Walmart Foundation grant aims to bring jobs back to U S News  news   news releases  researcher e2 80 99s walmart foundation grant aims bring jobs back us 0  researcher s Walmart Foundation grant aims to bring jobs back to U S News  news   news releases  researcher e2 80 99s walmart foundation grant aims bring jobs back us 0  researcher s Walmart Foundation grant aims to bring jobs back to U S News  news   news releases  researcher e2 80 99s walmart foundation grant aims bring jobs back us 0  researcher s Walmart Foundation grant aims to bring jobs back to U S News  news   news releases  researcher e2 80 99s walmart foundation grant aims bring jobs back us 0  researcher s Walmart Foundation grant aims to bring jobs back to U S News  news   news releases  researcher e2 80 99s walmart foundation grant aims bring jobs back us 0  researcher s Walmart Foundation grant aims to bring jobs back to U S News  news   news releases  researcher e2 80 99s walmart foundation grant aims bring jobs back us 0  researcher s Walmart Foundation grant aims to bring jobs back to U S News  news   news releases  researcher e2 80 99s walmart foundation grant aims bring jobs back us 0  researcher s Walmart Foundation grant aims to bring jobs back to U S News   UNT researcher’s Walmart Foundation grant aims to bring jobs back to U.S. | News| University of North Texas Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT News News by TopicArts & Music Business Education Engineering General News Humanities Public Service Research Science Social Science TAMS Image Gallery Video Gallery Our Experts Contact Us Send your stories UNT researcher’s Walmart Foundation grant aims to bring jobs back to U.S. UNT researcher Bugao Xu has received a grant that will help bring textile jobs back to the U.S. download image Monday, April 10, 2017 - 12:53 Submitted by Monique Bird on Mon, 04/10/2017 - 12:57pm Category: College of Merchandising, Hospitality and Tourism Faculty & Staff Faculty Success Business General News Research A nearly $350,000 grant awarded to a University of North Texas researcher by the Walmart Foundation and the U.S. Conference of Mayors is helping to bring manufacturing jobs back to the U.S. Bugao Xu, a professor and chair of the Department of Merchandising and Digital Retailing, received one of five grants in 2016 from the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund to develop digital technology to detect flaws in fabric at domestic textile mills – saving companies time and money. “U.S. competitiveness in the textile industry lags behind other nations because of high labor costs,” said Xu. “This is a solution that could save manufacturing companies big money, improve the quality of fabrics, reduce labor costs and boost textile production in the U.S.” Defects are a big problem and can reduce fabric price by 45 to 65 percent, said Xu. Most fabric defects are preventable and correctable if discovered on the loom on time. “Detecting weave defects is an integral part of modern weaving. While some devices are able to spot flaws, many are extremely difficult to be used on loom,” said Xu, adding that most fabric inspection systems are designed for post-weaving detections and don’t capture problems in real time. Instead of relying on machines, human workers are still needed for quality assurance checks during and after the weaving process. Xu aims to fix this costly problem by creating an on-loom fabric defect inspection system that uses contact image sensors to detect flaws, automatically stop the loom and alert workers to fix the cause of defects. Currently, his team is working on a prototype with the capability to rapidly capture high-resolution images as fabric passes beneath the machine and then use machine-learning algorithms to locate fabric flaws in those images. The key is, however, to make the system affordable so that it can be used on individual weaving machines. A single textile mill can own several hundred modern looms, which results in a heavy capital cost, said Xu. “It has to be a practical solution,” he continued. “There are already commercial systems in the world that do something similar, but those are very complex, expensive machines, and almost price-inhibitive to many textile manufacturers.” The grant, which Xu was awarded while working at the University of Texas, was among a total of $2.84 million in grants that were given to five research and academic institutions in 2016. A total of $10 million in grants will be awarded during the next five years. “Through these grants, we hope to help remove the barriers to revitalizing and growing U.S. apparel manufacturing, while creating more sustainable production processes,” said Kathleen McLaughlin, president of the Walmart Foundation and chief sustainability officer for Walmart. “The U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund is part of Walmart and the Walmart Foundation’s broader commitment to foster new economic growth and opportunity and create stronger communities.” UNT News Service Phone Number: (940) 565-2108 Contact: (940) 369-7782 Email: monique.bird@unt.edu Follow us Visit Us University Service Building 2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2000 news_service@unt.edu Site last updated on May 9, 2017 Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home 