 cmht   aggregator sources 1 News RSS Feed CMHT  cmht   aggregator sources 1 News RSS Feed CMHT  cmht   aggregator sources 1 News RSS Feed CMHT  cmht   aggregator sources 1 News RSS Feed CMHT  cmht   aggregator sources 1 News RSS Feed CMHT  cmht   aggregator sources 1 News RSS Feed CMHT  cmht   aggregator sources 1 News RSS Feed CMHT  cmht   aggregator sources 1 News RSS Feed CMHT  cmht   aggregator sources 1 News RSS Feed CMHT  cmht   aggregator sources 1 News RSS Feed CMHT   News RSS Feed | CMHT News RSS Feed | CMHT Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard IT Faculty Resources Qualtrics home Merchandising & Digital Retailing Hospitality & Tourism Management About Us Faculty & Staff News RSS Feed URL: http://news.unt.edu/ Updated: 9 hours 55 min ago Local Nestlé Café finds retailing sweet spot with UNT help 9 hours 55 min ago Business is about to get a little bit sweeter for the Nestlé® Toll House® Café in Highland Village thanks to help from University of North Texas students. UNT researcher’s Walmart Foundation grant aims to bring jobs back to U.S. 9 hours 55 min ago A nearly $350,000 grant awarded to a University of North Texas researcher by the Walmart Foundation and the U.S. Conference of Mayors is helping to bring manufacturing jobs back to the U.S. Executive chef of Gaylord Texan’s Old Hickory Steakhouse to cook with UNT students 9 hours 55 min ago Heirloom tomato salad, herb roasted chicken breast, potato boulangère and chocolate hazelnut fudge bars are just some of the tasty dishes that University of North Texas hospitality management students will prepare under the guidance of an experienced chef during Guest Chef Day at UNT’s Club at Gateway April 4 (Tuesday). Two UNT students win awards from nation's largest fashion scholarship fund 9 hours 55 min ago A $1.3 million pool of scholarship money for students interested in the retail and fashion industries has awarded two University of North Texas students with $5,000 prizes. UNT’s student-run restaurant opens Feb. 20 for Spring Season 9 hours 55 min ago As the weather heats up, so does the kitchen at the University of North Texas’ Club at Gateway Center. The student-led restaurant opens to the public for the spring 2017 season on Feb. 20. The Club, open for seating from 11 a.m. to noon, Monday through Friday, serves a gourmet three-course meal. UNT means business with spring 2017 events 9 hours 55 min ago The University of North Texas spring calendar includes several business-related events. UNT students in Costa Rica learn to offset tourism’s harm to planet 9 hours 55 min ago Sixteen University of North Texas students are using their know-how to ease tourism’s strain on the environment. The students, enrolled in a joint, two-year Master of Science in International Sustainable Tourism degree program, are researching ways to meet the needs of tourists and travel markets without compromising future resources. Pitch to retail execs puts UNT team in top three at retail industry’s biggest event 9 hours 55 min ago Two University of North Texas students were one of the top-three finalist teams to compete in one of the retail industry’s biggest events of 2017, the National Retail Federation BIG Show. UNT researchers team up with ice hockey gurus to grow the game globally 9 hours 55 min ago Researchers at the University of North Texas are teaming up with some of the biggest names in hockey to grow the sport into an international powerhouse. True Fit CEO shapes conversation on apparel, shoe fit challenges at UNT retail industry talk 9 hours 55 min ago Bill Adler, True Fit’s founding chief executive officer, will discuss ways big data analytics can help solve the challenges of apparel and shoe fit at the next Executive + Scholar Lecture Series at the University of North Texas. Technology makes the millennial. UNT fashion show highlights the digital lives of today's generation. 9 hours 55 min ago "Digital Glitch" – the theme for the student-run Merchandising Inc.'s spring fashion show at the University of North Texas – will focus on the evolution of technology in the form of color. Big data boom: UNT symposium helps retailers turn wealth of data into business success 9 hours 55 min ago Retail gurus will share their expertise on "Big Data and the Retailers of the Future" -- the theme for the Consumer Experience Symposium at the University of North Texas. The half-day event will feature talks about ways large-scale data analysis can be used to create meaningful and profitable customer engagements. TV star, executive chef at Oak Cliff's Pink Magnolia is key ingredient in UNT student-run Guest Chef Day 9 hours 55 min ago Television star Blythe Beck, executive chef and co-owner of Oak Cliff's Pink Magnolia restaurant, will join the Denton dining scene for a day as she cooks with University of North Texas students on Guest Chef Day at UNT's Club at Gateway. UNT business event calendar features big-name speakers, fine dining and more for Spring 2016 9 hours 55 min ago The Executive + Scholar Lecture Series will be headlined by digital retail executive John Koryl, president of Neiman Marcus Stores and Online, in a Q&A about technology, analytics and the store of the future. Koryl will be joined by big data expert Shah Karim, chief executive officer of SafeRock, a retail analytics company. Big show, big win: UNT students clinch top award in National Retail Federation contest for first time 9 hours 55 min ago Four University of North Texas students have won first place in the National Retail Federation Student Challenge, clinching a first-ever win for students in UNT’s Department of Merchandising and Digital Retailing. They were each awarded a $5,000 scholarship Jan. 17 during the NRF’s annual “BIG Show” in New York City for their pitch of a product worthy of a national retailer. New UNT retailing degree approved by Texas higher ed board targets critical need Thu, 05/04/2017 - 4:26am For Fall 2016, the UNT will offer a new bachelor's degree in retailing to address a critical shortage in the industry: future leaders ready to tackle retail's evolving needs. The Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board recently approved the degree, making UNT the first university in the U.S. to bridge the gap between the three primary components of retail: merchandising, digital and operations. Two UNT students win awards from nation’s largest fashion scholarship fund Thu, 02/16/2017 - 5:27am A $1.3 million pool of scholarship money for students interested in the retail and fashion industries has awarded two University of North Texas students with $5,000 prizes. Contact Us: College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism 1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2436 Fax: 940.565.4348 Visit Us: Chilton Hall Room Number: 331, 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 http://cmht.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. cmht@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? Sampath.Pamidimukkala@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 1, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 