 studentaffairs   org talons Talons Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org talons Talons Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org talons Talons Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org talons Talons Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org talons Talons Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org talons Talons Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org talons Talons Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org talons Talons Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org talons Talons Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   org talons Talons Division of Student Affairs  Talons | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Talons » Home Alumni Talons Leadership Recruitment DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Talons Home Alumni Talons Leadership Recruitment DSA Home Talons The spirit of this school depends on the students and Talons is and always will be here to keep this alive. We strive to keep and make known the traditions for The University of North Texas, as well as foster the new ones. We welcome all who would like to be a part of this organization. When you join Talons you are following where many students have since 1926. Request a Spirit Item "Boomer" The Cannon Appearance Request - Form is due 2 weeks before event"Mean Green Machine" 1931 Model-A Appearance Request - Form is due 2 weeks before event Donate Today If you are interested in donating towards the Talons organization please visit the following website, http://one.unt.edu/giving/ . Search by ‘A Specific Department or Fund’ and search ‘Talons’.  Your generosity is greatly appreciated and will help the Talons maintain the spirit items of the university. Fall 2016 Recruitment   CLICK HERE for more information on joining Talons and our Rush Week events! Traditions Talons is the home to many of UNT's traditions, learn more about how the Talons maintain the traditions below. For more details on the traditions below and other UNT traditions visit, http://www.unt.edu/traditions.  Homecoming Bonfire Set to be burned the night before the Homecoming football game, the Talons spend a week entirely building the Bonfire. Entrusted to Talons since 1950, it’s the largest man made pallet bonfire in the nation. Not only one of UNT's biggest traditions, but for the Talons this is one of their most sacred part of being in the organization.   Spirit Flags Talons use the spirit flags to promote spirit at games and special events. You will be able to catch a view of the flags at the end zone where the cannon is located, or at the front of spirit marches to home football games. The Talons are the protectors of the Spirit Flags.    The Model A  The Mean Green Machine, a 1929 Ford Model A Tudor Sedan built in 1931, is truly one of a kind.  The definition of tradition, the Model A, is protected and driven by the Talons.  It makes appearances at home football games, parades, and other special occasions   Boomer the Cannon Talons use Boomer the Cannon, a Mexican-American war replica, to signal UNT touchdowns, kick-off, halftime, and the end of home football games. Boomer can also be heard on special occasions throughout the year such as University Day.    McConnell Tower  After North Texas varsity team victories, the Tower is lit green to showcase the team’s win. Talons lead victory marches from Apogee Stadium, after home football games, to the tower to sing the UNT Fight Song & “Glory to the Green" as the tower is lit. If you ever pass the tower and notice it’s lit, visit whyisthetowergreen.com to be informed on that night’s occasion.    Running the Flags The Talons have fostered a tradition and privilege of running the NORTH TEXAS flags after touch downs and the Eagle flag after field goals in Apogee Stadium during home football games. This tradition was entrusted to Talons in the fall semester of 2013   Connect with Us Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 