    i 35 I 35E from I 635 to US 380 construction     i 35 I 35E from I 635 to US 380 construction     i 35 I 35E from I 635 to US 380 construction     i 35 I 35E from I 635 to US 380 construction     i 35 I 35E from I 635 to US 380 construction     i 35 I 35E from I 635 to US 380 construction     i 35 I 35E from I 635 to US 380 construction     i 35 I 35E from I 635 to US 380 construction     i 35 I 35E from I 635 to US 380 construction     i 35 I 35E from I 635 to US 380 construction   I-35E from I-635 to US-380 construction | University of North Texas Skip to main content Call us Contact Us UNT Map HomeAdmissionsAcademicsStudent LifeAbout UNTResearchAthleticsGivingCurrent StudentsFaculty & StaffAlumni & FriendsParents & FamilyCommunity & VisitorsMyUNTBlackboardEagleConnectUNT Directory Quicklinks MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory Home Admissions Academics Student Life About UNT Research Athletics Giving MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory HomeAdmissionsAcademicsStudent LifeAbout UNTResearchAthleticsGiving I-35E from I-635 to US-380 construction I-35E construction online resources I-35E Project I-35E Project Tracker (requires the free Adobe Reader) Segment map AGL Constructors - 35Express Project Hotline: 214-483-7777 Social media links Facebook/I35Express Twitter: @35Express Additional resources University Pass Program UNT's ridesharing service North Texas Boulevard bridge closed this weekend, use alternate routes - March 14, 2017 As construction continues on I-35E through Denton, the 35Express team is working to complete the North Texas Boulevard bridge. The bridge will be closed from 8 p.m. Friday (March 17) through 6 a.m. Monday (March 20) to construct the new intersection of North Texas Boulevard and the northbound I-35E frontage road. UNT wants you to be aware of alternate routes to access campus while the bridge is closed this weekend. View a map of these alternate routes. These include: From Dallas – Take I-35E north, exiting at Fort Worth Drive and turning left on Eagle Drive, then right on Avenue C, or turning left on Oak Street and left onto Avenue C to access the main part of campus. From Fort Worth – Take I-35W north, exiting at Bonnie Brae and turning right at Hickory Street, then right at Avenue C to access the main part of campus. From Oklahoma/north of Denton – Take I-35 south, exiting at Oak Street and going left under the highway. Stay straight and continue on Hickory Street at the stoplight. Turn right on Avenue C to access the main part of campus. By the end of March, the North Texas Boulevard bridge is expected to have one lane in each direction and two turn lanes in each direction. By May, the 35Express team is expecting to open an additional through lane in each direction, two U-turn lanes and a pedestrian walkway. Learn about project updates as they unfold Temporary Closure of the Northbound Interstate 35E Exit Ramp to McCormick Street - September 21, 2016 The northbound I-35E exit ramp to McCormick Street will temporarily close at 9 p.m. Sept. 26 (Monday). The ramp is scheduled to reopen in December. During this closure, traffic will exit to U.S. 377/Fort Worth Drive and continue north on the frontage road to McCormick Street. Frontage road at North Texas Boulevard closes tonight through Friday - August 17, 2016 As the 35Express team works to partially complete the North Texas Boulevard bridge as part of I-35E construction and open it for use by the UNT community, temporary closure of the northbound frontage road at North Texas Boulevard will be required. The frontage road will be closed from 9 p.m. tonight through 9 p.m. Aug. 19 (Friday). Northbound I-35E frontage road traffic will turn right onto North Texas Boulevard, left onto Prairie Street, left onto Bonnie Brae Street and then right onto the frontage road. The 35Express detour map can be found here. The 35Express team expects to open three lanes of the bridge – one in each direction and a turning lane – in time for UNT Housing move-in day on Aug. 21 (Sunday). This is subject to cooperative weather conditions. For students and families coming to campus for move-in day, please use the UNT Housing routes to campus that will guide you to your appropriate zone. Directions to each zone are: Zone 1 – Santa Fe, Traditions and West Zone 2 – Bruce, College Inn and Legends Zone 3 – Clark, Honors, Mozart and Rawlins Zone 4 – Crumley, Kerr, and Maple Victory Hall For UNT community members and those moving into on-campus housing, the university also wants you to be aware of alternate routes to access the main Denton campus. A map of these alternate routes can be found here. These include: From Dallas – Take I-35E north, exiting at Fort Worth Drive and turning left on Eagle Drive, then right on Avenue C, or turning left on Oak Street and left onto Avenue C to access the main part of campus. From Fort Worth – Take I-35W north, exiting at Bonnie Brae and turning right at Hickory Street, then right at Avenue C to access the main part of campus. From Oklahoma/north of Denton – Take I-35 south, exiting at Oak Street and going left under the highway. Stay straight and continue on Hickory Street at the stoplight. Turn right on Avenue C to access the main part of campus. North Texas Boulevard bridge at I-35 to partially open - August 16, 2016 2016 Housing move-in zone map As construction continues on I-35E through Denton, the 35Express team is working to partially complete the North Texas Boulevard bridge and open it for use by the UNT community. The 35Express team expects to open three lanes of the bridge – one in each direction and a turning lane – in time for UNT Housing move-in day on Aug. 21 (Sunday). This is subject to cooperative weather conditions. After the three lanes open, work will continue on the bridge, which will be eight lanes when finished – two lanes in each direction, two turning lanes in each direction and two U-turn lanes in each direction – and a pedestrian bridge. The pedestrian bridge will not be open to foot traffic until the project is completed. Completion is expected this fall. Until completion, pedestrians crossing I-35E by foot should use the UNT pedestrian bridge. For students and families coming to campus for move-in day, please use the UNT Housing routes to campus that will guide you to your appropriate zone. Directions to each zone are: Zone 1 – Santa Fe, Traditions and West Zone 2 – Bruce, College Inn and Legends Zone 3 – Clark, Honors, Mozart and Rawlins Zone 4 – Crumley, Kerr, and Maple Victory Hall For UNT community members and those moving in to on-campus housing, the university also wants you to be aware of alternate routes to access the main Denton campus. A map of these alternate routes can be found here. These include: From Dallas – Take I-35E north, exiting at Fort Worth Drive and turning left on Eagle Drive, then right on Avenue C, or turning left on Oak Street and left onto Avenue C to access the main part of campus. From Fort Worth – Take I-35W north, exiting at Bonnie Brae and turning right at Hickory Street, then right at Avenue C to access the main part of campus. From Oklahoma/north of Denton – Take I-35 south, exiting at Oak Street and going left under the highway. Stay straight and continue on Hickory Street at the stoplight. Turn right on Avenue C to access the main part of campus. North Texas Boulevard bridge demolition - Alternate routes to UNT - May 18, 2016 I-35E traffic detours for North Texas Blvd. map Please consider these alternate routes to UNT while the North Texas Boulevard bridge demolition is in progress. Southbound I-35E traffic, for example those coming from Fort Worth who take the I-35E exit from I-35W, should continue to the Fort Worth Drive exit and head north (left) onto Fort Worth Drive. The campus will be on the west, accessible by turning left onto the one-way Oak Street and then heading south (left) on Welch, Avenue C or North Texas Boulevard. The campus is also accessible by turning west (left) on Eagle Drive and heading north (right) on Welch or Avenue C. However, starting in late May, Eagle Drive will be resurfaced and various lanes will be closed. Northbound I-35E traffic, for example those coming from Dallas, should take the Fort Worth Drive exit and head north (right) onto Fort Worth Drive. The campus will be on the west, accessible by turning left onto the one-way Oak Street and then heading south (left) on Welch, Avenue C or North Texas Boulevard. The campus is also accessible by turning west (left) on Eagle Drive and heading north (right) on Welch or Avenue C. However, starting in late May, Eagle Drive will be resurfaced and various lanes will be closed. Southbound I-35 traffic, for example those coming from Sanger/Gainesville/Oklahoma, should take the Oak Street exit and turn east (left) onto Oak Street. At Bonnie Brae, you may turn south (right) to head to Apogee Stadium, or continue straight on the one-way Hickory Street to access campus by turning south (right) onto North Texas Boulevard, Avenue C or Welch. Closures of ramps, frontage roads precede North Texas Boulevard bridge demolition - April 21, 2016 I-35E traffic detours for North Texas Blvd. map There are two construction updates for April and May that may affect UNT community members. In late April, the 35Express project on Interstate 35E will begin demolition of the North Texas Boulevard bridge to make way for a new bridge. The timeline for this work includes: Demolition starts at 9 p.m. April 29 (Friday) on the North Texas Boulevard bridge over I-35E. Traffic will be routed off of I-35E and onto the service roads while that work is being done. I-35E is scheduled to reopen at 6 a.m. May 2 (Monday). With the bridge gone, traffic on the frontage roads will not stop at the North Texas Boulevard intersection. Traffic coming from North Texas Boulevard will have designated turn lanes that will yield to the frontage roads. Three lanes of the new North Texas Boulevard bridge – one in each direction and a turning lane – are expected to be open in late summer. The full bridge – two lanes in each direction, two dedicated turning lanes, two U-turn lanes and a pedestrian walkway – is expected to be complete in the fall. I-35E traffic alternate routes for North Texas Blvd map In late May, the City of Denton will begin work on Eagle Drive. The timeline for this work includes: Starting in late May, the city will begin reconstructing and re-striping Eagle Drive from North Texas Boulevard. The project will continue along Eagle Drive to Carroll Boulevard and is expected to last through fall. At least one lane in each direction will remain open throughout this time. Because of the work surrounding UNT, the university recommends that individuals coming to campus give themselves ample time for travel and consider the following alternative routes. Since work on Eagle Drive won't yet be underway at the time of UNT's Commencement on May 13-14, it is recommended that visitors use Fort Worth Drive. For events in late May, once construction has started on Eagle Drive, extra travel time may be needed and using routes from Sycamore, Mulberry or Oak streets, or from Bonnie Brae should be considered. During the bridge closure, traffic wishing to access North Texas Boulevard will use the following detours: Southbound I-35E traffic will continue to the Fort Worth Drive exit, make a U-turn and continue on the northbound frontage road to North Texas Boulevard. Northbound I-35E traffic take the McCormick Street exit and continue on the northbound frontage road to North Texas Boulevard. UNT community members leaving campus are encouraged to avoid North Texas Boulevard and use alternate routes such as Eagle Drive to McCormick to reach south I-35E, or West Oak Street to reach south I-35W or north I-35. North Texas Boulevard bridge demolition and Eagle Drive construction - April 4, 2016 There are two construction updates for April and May that may affect UNT community members. In late April, the 35Express project on Interstate 35E will begin demolition of the North Texas Boulevard bridge to make way for a new bridge. The timeline for this work includes: Demolition starts at 9 p.m. April 29 (Friday) on the North Texas Boulevard bridge over I-35E. Traffic will be routed off of I-35E and onto the service roads while that work is being done. I-35E is scheduled to reopen at 6 a.m. May 2 (Monday). With the bridge gone, traffic on the frontage roads will not stop at the North Texas Boulevard intersection. Traffic coming from North Texas Boulevard will have designated turn lanes that will yield to the frontage roads. Three lanes of the new North Texas Boulevard bridge – one in each direction and a turning lane – are expected to be open in late summer. The full bridge – two lanes in each direction, two dedicated turning lanes, two U-turn lanes and a pedestrian walkway – is expected to be complete in the fall. In late May, the City of Denton will begin work on Eagle Drive. The timeline for this work includes: Starting in late May, the city will begin reconstructing and re-striping Eagle Drive from North Texas Boulevard. The project will continue along Eagle Drive to Carroll Boulevard and is expected to last through fall. At least one lane in each direction will remain open throughout this time. Because of the work surrounding UNT, the university recommends that individuals coming to campus give themselves ample time for travel and consider the following alternative routes. Since work on Eagle Drive won't yet be underway at the time of UNT's Commencement on May 13-14, it is recommended that visitors use Fort Worth Drive. For events in late May, once construction has started on Eagle Drive, extra travel time may be needed and using routes from Sycamore, Mulberry or Oak streets, or from Bonnie Brae should be considered. During the bridge closure, traffic wishing to access North Texas Boulevard will use the following detours: Southbound I-35E traffic will continue to the Fort Worth Drive exit, make a U-turn and continue on the northbound frontage road to North Texas Boulevard. Northbound I-35E traffic take the McCormick Street exit and continue on the northbound frontage road to North Texas Boulevard. UNT community members leaving campus are encouraged to avoid North Texas Boulevard and use alternate routes such as Eagle Drive to McCormick to reach south I-35E, or West Oak Street to reach south I-35W or north I-35. North Texas Boulevard near the Murchison Performing Arts Center - January 25, 2016 North Texas Blvd map Work related to 35 Express has commenced at North Texas Boulevard around the area of the Murchison Performing Arts Center. On Jan. 18, crews for 35 Express began work on the north and southbound lanes of North Texas Boulevard between the northbound Interstate 35E frontage road and Eagle Drive. Those lanes were shifted west. The sidewalk between the frontage road and Eagle Drive on the east side was closed, but the sidewalk on the west side remains open. Crews left an open spot for those traveling northbound on North Texas Boulevard to access IHOP. This construction is needed to rebuild the eastern portion of North Texas Boulevard and is scheduled to last through March. Daily Flagging Operations at Avenue C and Northbound Interstate 35E in Denton - July 21, 2015 Flagging operations will be in effect in Denton on north- and southbound Avenue C approaching the northbound I-35E frontage road daily from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. July 22 (Wednesday) to Aug. 15 (Saturday). Crews will work on the drainage lines in this area. These changes are needed for work related to the 35Express project, an expansion of I-35E between US Highway 380 in Denton County and I-635 in Dallas County. All closures are subject to weather conditions and will be postponed, if necessary. Upcoming road closures related to I-35E construction - July 2, 2015 Work preparations for the construction of the new North Texas Boulevard bridge over I-35E have begun. While work on the bridge itself is not expected to start for several months, the initial work for the realignment of the frontage roads south of North Texas Boulevard is under way. Starting the week of July 6 and lasting through spring 2016, several streets will be closed at the northbound and southbound frontage roads. A couple will be closed permanently. Signs have been put in place to notify drivers of the closures. The closures include: Knight Street and Avenue C along the southbound frontage road will be closed through spring 2016. Underwood Street and Kendolph Drive along the southbound frontage road will close permanently. Collier Street along the northbound frontage road will be closed through spring 2016. Kendolph Street along the northbound frontage road will be closed permanently. These changes are needed for work related to the 35Express project, an expansion ofI-35E between US Highway 380 in Denton County and I-635 in Dallas County. All closures are subject to weather conditions and will be postponed, if necessary. Maps detailing these changes. View a map of the southbound closures View a map of the northbound closures Lane Closure at Southbound Interstate 35E Near McCormick Street in Denton - June 12, 2015 Denton, Texas - The right lane of southbound I-35E near McCormick Street in Denton will be closed for several hours as crews make a repair to the roadway. Motorists should expect delays in this area. Various nightly lane and ramp closures on north- and southbound Interstate 35E near McCormick Street in Denton - May 20, 2015 Denton, Texas - Various lanes of north- and southbound I-35E approaching McCormick Street will be closed nightly from 9 p.m. to 6 a.m. Monday, May 18 through Friday, May 22. The northbound exit ramp to McCormick Street and the southbound I-35E entrance ramp at McCormick Street will also be closed during this time. Detours are as follows: Access to McCormick Street from northbound I-35E: Traffic will exit Fort Worth Drive and continue north on the frontage road to McCormick Street. Access to southbound I-35E from McCormick Street: Traffic will continue along the southbound frontage road and enter I-35E just south of Teasley Lane. This work is related to the 35Express project, an expansion of I-35E between U.S. Highway 380 in Denton County and I-635 in Dallas County. All closures are subject to weather conditions and may be postponed, if necessary. Nightly closures of Mayhill/State School Road - Oct. 16, 2014 All lanes of Mayhill/State School Road between the north- and southbound I-35E frontage roads will be closed nightly from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m., Friday, Oct.17, through Monday, Oct. 27. During the closure, crews will perform work related to the widening of the I-35E bridge over Mayhill/State School Road. Detours are as follows (view a detour map): Eastbound Mayhill/State School Road traffic will be detoured to the southbound I-35E frontage road to Post Oak Drive and then back to the northbound I-35E frontage road to eastbound Mayhill/State School Road. Westbound Mayhill/State School Road traffic will be detoured to the northbound I-35E frontage road to Loop 288 and then back to the southbound I-35E frontage road to westbound Mayhill/State School Road. Further south, the southbound I-35E entrance ramps at Belt Line Road, Crosby Road and Valwood Parkway will be closed nightly from 8 p.m. until 6 a.m., Friday, Oct. 17, through Friday, Oct. 24, for paving, restriping and setting traffic barrier. Please note, these ramps will not be closed simultaneously. Motorists wishing to access southbound I-35E from Belt Line Road will continue south on the frontage road to the Crosby Road entrance ramp. Motorists wishing to access southbound I-35E from Crosby Road will continue south on the frontage road to the Valwood Parkway entrance ramp. Motorists wishing to access southbound I-35E from Valwood Parkway will continue south on the frontage road to the Valley View Lane entrance ramp. There will also be various nightly lane closures on the southbound I-35E frontage road between Crosby Road and Valwood Parkway during this time. One lane of the frontage road will remain open to traffic. The left lane of southbound I-35E near Crosby Road will be closed from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m., tonight (Thursday, Oct. 16) through Friday, Oct. 17 as crews work to widen the bridge over Crosby Road. Various nightly lane closures near Mayhill Road and Lake Dallas - Oct. 13, 2014 Various lanes of north and southbound I-35E near Mayhill Road in Denton will be closed nightly from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m., Monday, Oct. 13 through Monday, Oct. 20 as crews restripe the roadway and set a concrete barrier in preparation for an upcoming traffic shift. One lane of traffic will remain open during this time. Once this work is complete, north and southbound traffic on I-35E near Mayhill Road will shift to the outside as crews continue to widen the bridge over Mayhill Road. Further south, near Lake Dallas, various lanes of north and southbound I-35E between Swisher Road and Hickory Creek Road also will be closed nightly this week from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m., starting tonight as crews set a concrete traffic barrier and pave the roadway. Multiple traffic changes announced in I-35 project - Sept. 15, 2014 The southbound I-35E exit ramp to Swisher Road (exit 458) will permanently close at 9 p.m. this evening. Once closed, work will begin to convert the exit ramp into an entrance ramp to southbound I-35E. Southbound motorists will use exit 459 to access Swisher Road and nearby businesses. The southbound I-35E exit ramp to Valley View Lane in Farmers Branch is now open. The exit was temporarily closed in August as crews reconstructed and lengthened the ramp. Motorists should expect occasional nightly closures of the exit ramp from 8 p.m. to 6 a.m. over the next few weeks. The northbound I-35E HOV lanes from Sandy Lake Road/Whitlock Lane to FM 3040/Round Grove Road have permanently closed. This section of the HOV lane system remained open for motorists after the southern portion of the system was closed in January. In addition, the following changes have been made: Traffic on northbound I-35E between East Vista Ridge Mall Drive and Waters Ridge Road has shifted east. This shift is expected to last two months. Various lanes of northbound I-35E near East Vista Ridge Mall Drive and FM 3040/Round Grove Road will be closed nightly from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m., through Friday, Sept. 26. During this closure, crews will set concrete traffic barrier and place attenuators. Corinth Parkway Bridge - Aug. 27, 2014 As part of the I-35 E reconstruction, the Corinth Parkway Bridge is one of several bridges being reconfigured to run under I-35E and will include two lanes in each direction, a dedicated turn lane in each direction, a Texas U-Turn lane and pedestrian walkways on either side of the roadway. To prepare for this project, crews are widening the northbound I-35E main lanes to accommodate a traffic shift that will be in place after the bridge is demolished The bridge is expected to be demolished early-to-mid October and construction is expected to last through fall 2015. During construction, westbound Corinth Parkway traffic will be detoured to Post Oak Drive and back around to the southbound frontage road to westbound Corinth Parkway. Eastbound Corinth Parkway traffic will be detoured south to the frontage road, make a U-Turn near the Destiny Dallas RV Resort Park and continue on the northbound frontage road to eastbound Corinth Parkway. With the new bridge deck in place, the expanded center section of the Valley View Lane Bridge is almost complete. Work on the roadway approaching the bridge will continue through September. At Belt Line Road, work has begun on the columns for the new I-35E bridge. At Whitlock Lane/Sandy Lake Road, work on the new center portion of the I-35E bridge is almost complete. Southbound traffic will shift east in September when asphalt paving is finished. Work on the west side of the bridge will begin soon after. In Lewisville, the switch to the new temporary southbound frontage road between Garden Ridge Boulevard and FM 407 is now complete. The switch allows crews to start work on the main lane bridges being constructed over FM 407. Traffic will be routed to the temporary frontage road south of FM 407 next month. On the Lewisville Lake Bridge, traffic has been moved to the east side of the structure so work on the west side can begin. Work continues on columns and the first cap is set to be poured this Friday, Aug. 29. The crane and rig are making progress on the drill shafts in the water. North of the lake, construction crews have begun extensive work on the outside shoulder of I-35 from Corinth Parkway up to Loop 288. This effort will soon be replicated on the west side of the roadway. At US 77, the removal of the deck for the existing northbound I-35E bridge is now complete and work has started on the span over the southbound entrance to I-35E. Finally, the deck for the southbound side of the Bonnie Brae Bridge is expected to be placed next month. Traffic shifts on southbound I-35E between Business 121 and Round Grove Road - Aug. 25, 2014 Traffic on southbound Interstate 35E between Business 121 and Round Grove Road will shift towards the center median beginning tonight (Monday, Aug. 25) at 9 p.m. This traffic shift is expected to last through summer 2015. In addition, the following closure will take place: Various lanes of southbound I-35E between Business 121 and Round Grove Road will be closed nightly from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m., Monday, Aug. 25 through Sunday, Sept. 7 to restripe the roadway and set concrete traffic barrier. The southbound I-35E exit ramp to FM 407 will be temporarily closed beginning Wednesday, Aug. 27 at 6 a.m. as crews rehabilitate the exiting FM 407 exit ramp. Traffic will be directed to use a new temporary exit ramp north of FM 407. This temporary ramp closure is expected to last for two months. Southbound Corporate Drive entrance ramp and Round Grove Road exit ramp closures - June 30, 2014 As crews continue work on I-35E, various southbound lanes between the Corporate Drive entrance ramp and Round Grove Road exit ramp will be closed from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m. through Thursday, July 3. During the closure, crews will set concrete traffic barriers. In addition, the Corporate Drive entrance ramp to southbound I-35E and Round Grove Road exit ramp from southbound I-35E will be closed through July 3. Please note, the ramp closures will not occur simultaneously. Lane shifts on northbound I-35E at Bonnie Brae Street and Dallas Drive - June 9, 2014 As part of the improvements under way along the I-35E corridor between Denton and Dallas, traffic on northbound I-35E approaching Bonnie Brae Street will shift toward the center median beginning today (June 19) at 9 p.m. All lanes will remain open and traffic disruption should be minimal. This temporary traffic shift is expected to last through the fall. Southbound I-35E traffic will not be affected by this shift. Beginning Thursday, June 26 at 9 p.m., the northbound I-35E main lanes will be shifted to the west onto temporary pavement to accommodate the long-term closure of the US 77 bridge over the entrance ramp to southbound I-35E at Dallas Drive. This shift will remain in place for approximately 12 months. Motorists traveling north on I-35E will have access to Dallas Drive from Teasley Lane. The current demolition work on Belt Line Road, Crosby Road and Valley View Lane is almost complete allowing work on the new drill shafts for the expanded bridges to begin. At the Whitlock Lane/Sandy Lake Road bridge the column work has been finished and crews will begin working on the new deck this week. Just north of FM 407, concrete paving on the new southbound frontage road has started and is expected to be completed next month. Frontage road traffic will be moved to this new roadway next month. At Lewisville Lake, the work on the dock has been completed and the crane carrying barge will be launched next week to begin work on the drill shafts over the water. Drainage improvements to the center of the existing bridge are almost complete. Closure of US 77/Dallas Drive Entrance Ramp to Southbound Interstate 35 - June 2, 2014 Beginning today, the US 77/Dallas Drive entrance ramp to southbound I-35E will close for approximately 12 months. During the closure, 35Express crews will rehabilitate the ramp as part of the improvements under way along the I-35E corridor between Denton and Dallas. Detours are as follows: Southbound traffic will turn right on Teasley Lane, left onto the southbound I-35E frontage road and then enter the southbound I-35E entrance ramp. Traffic traveling south on US 77/Dallas Drive will turn right on the northbound I-35E frontage road, travel north to Teasley Lane, turn left on Teasley Lane, turn left to the southbound I-35E frontage road, and then back to southbound I-35E. View a detour map requires the free Adobe Reader Various nightly lane closures near Bonnie Brae St. - May 12, 2014 Various lanes will be closed nightly along north- and southbound I-35E near the Bonnie Brae Street Bridge in Denton from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m. through Sunday, May 18 as crews continue work to expand the I-35E bridge. This closure is needed for work related to the 35Express project, an expansion of I-35E between US Highway 380 in Denton County and I-635 in Dallas County. Crews are continuing work on the Loop 288 and Mayhill Road bridges. Crews are widening these bridges to the middle and will partially demolish the inside of these structures. While this work is being performed, there will be nightly closures of Loop 288 and Mayhill Road underneath I-35E and on the interstate in these areas. Grading operations and storm drain installation for the new southbound frontage road alignment north and south of FM 407 continues. Excavation work and utility relocation at FM 407 also continues as crews prepare to begin work on the main lanes. Further south, bridge demolition work at Belt Line Road, Main Street and West College Street begins this week. Last month, north- and southbound traffic on the Lewisville Lake Bridge was shifted to the west to conduct drainage work and prepare for the new bridge construction. All closures are subject to weather conditions and will be postponed, if necessary. Mayhill Road closure at I-35E - April 23, 2014 Various lanes of north- and southbound Interstate 35E approaching Mayhill Road will be closed nightly from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m., Wednesday, April 23 through Saturday, May 3. During this closure, crews will prepare the roadway for the upcoming traffic shift and partial demolition of the bridge. Mayhill Road will be closed at the I-35E frontage roads during this same time period. Detours are as follows: Westbound traffic will be detoured to the northbound I-35E frontage road to Loop 288 and then back to the southbound I-35E frontage road to westbound Mayhill/State School Road. Eastbound traffic will be detoured to the southbound I-35E frontage road to Post Oak Drive and then back to the northbound I-35E frontage road to eastbound Mayhill/State School Road. View a detour map requires the free Adobe Reader Signage will be placed to alert motorists and local law enforcement officials will be on hand to assist with traffic management. This closure is needed for work related to the 35Express project, an expansion of I-35E between US Highway 380 in Denton County and I-635 in Dallas County. Overnight Closures of Loop 288 at I-35E in Denton - April 22, 2014 Loop 288 will be closed nightly at the I-35E frontage roads, through Wednesday, May 21 from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m. During the closure, crews will partially demolish the Loop 288 bridge. Traffic will be detoured as follows: Eastbound Loop 288 will be detoured south to Mayhill Road, to the southbound frontage road, and back to eastbound Loop 288.  Westbound Loop 288 will be detoured to Teasley Lane, to the northbound frontage road and back to westbound Loop 288. This closure is needed for work related to the 35Express project, an expansion of I-35E between US Highway 380 in Denton County and I-635 in Dallas County. Upcoming Closures on I-35E - March 27, 2014 Work continues on the 35Express project, an expansion of I-35E between U.S. Highway 380 in Denton County and I-635 in Dallas County. As part of the project, various lane closures are scheduled for the north- and southbound lanes of the Lewisville Lake Bridge. Various north- and southbound lanes of I-35E between Lake Dallas Drive and Highland Village Road will be closed nightly from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m., Tuesday, April 1 through Friday, April 11 to allow crews to set concrete traffic barriers and restripe the roadway. Various southbound main lanes between Luna and Crosby Roads will be closed nightly from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m., Monday March 31 through Sunday, April 12 as crews continue to shift traffic in preparation for bridge expansion. The entrance ramp to northbound I-35E, just south of FM 407, will be closed Tuesday, April 1 from 9 a.m. until 3:30 p.m. Traffic will be detoured north on the frontage road to the next entrance ramp, which is north of FM 407. Crews will set concrete traffic barriers to prepare for upcoming drainage work. As with all closures, this work is subject to weather conditions and will be postponed if necessary. On the south end of the project, traffic has been shifted on I-35E at Belt Line Road in order to set a concrete traffic barrier. In addition, bridge demolition work is ongoing at Valwood Parkway. Further north, crews are expected to begin demolition work on the Loop 288 and Mayhill bridges by early April. While this work is being performed, there will be nightly closures of Loop 288 and Mayhill Road underneath I-35E and on the interstate in these areas. Construction Update on I-35E - March 11, 2014 Crews continue work needed to widen bridges for the 35Express project, a 30-mile, $1.4 billion expansion of the Interstate 35E corridor from US Highway 380 in Denton County south to I-635 in Dallas County. At the south end of the project, lanes at the Valwood Parkway, Crosby Road and Whitlock bridges have been restriped and traffic has shifted to accommodate work. Further north, work is progressing on the new southbound Lewisville Lake Bridge. Work on the Loop 288 and Mayhill Road bridges also has begun. Similar to the work at Bonnie Brae, crews will widen the bridges to the middle and partially demolish the inside of the structures. In order to complete this work, there will be nightly closures of Loop 288 and Mayhill Road underneath the bridges and various lane closures on the interstate in these areas. The left lane of north- and southbound I-35E near Valley View Lane in Carrollton will be closed nightly from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m., Monday, March 3, through Saturday, March 8, to set a concrete traffic barrier. As with all closures, this work is subject to weather conditions. Commuters interested in an update on the 35Express project are invited to attend one of three upcoming community meetings. Each meeting will highlight a different segment of the 30-mile corridor. North Segment (Cities of Corinth and Denton): Monday, March 24, 6:30 p.m. in Room 207 of the Student Union at Texas Woman's University's Denton Campus. Middle Segment (Cities of Lewisville, Highland Village, Lake Dallas and Hickory Creek): Tuesday, March 25, 6:30 p.m. in the MCL Grand Theater, 100 North Charles Street, in Lewisville. South Segment (Cities of Farmers Branch and Carrollton): Thursday, March 27, 6:30 p.m. at the Farmers Branch City Hall, 13000 William Dodson Pkwy in Farmers Branch. Construction Update on I-35E - February 25, 2014 Various lanes of north- and southbound I-35E between Corinth Parkway in Corinth and Mayhill Road in Denton will be closed overnight from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m. Tuesday, March 11 through Saturday, March 15. One lane will remain open to traffic at all times. This closure is needed for work related to the 35Express project, an expansion of I-35E between US Highway 380 in Denton County and I-635 in Dallas County. All closures are subject to weather conditions and will be postponed, if necessary. Crews also will close Whitlock Lane/Sandy Lake Road under I-35E at the frontage road nightly from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m. through Saturday, May 17. Detours are as follows: Westbound Whitlock Lane traffic will be detoured onto the northbound frontage road to Frankford Road and back around to the southbound frontage road. Eastbound Sandy Lake Road traffic will be detoured onto the southbound frontage road to College Street and back around to the northbound frontage road. Construction Update on I-35E - January 29, 2014 Work on I-35E continues as crews are preparing for work needed to widen the bridges at Bonnie Brae, Whitlock Lane, Crosby Road, Valwood Parkway and Valley View Lane.  Work on the bridge over Bonnie Brae Street is scheduled to start Thursday (Jan. 30). The southbound HOV Lanes have been closed between I-635 and FM 3040 and the northbound lanes have been closed between I-635 and Whitlock Lane. Traffic has also been shifted on the southern end of the project to allow crews to safely work to remove the concrete median in the middle of the interstate. Further north, crews continue to set piers for the new southbound Lewisville Lake bridge. Drainage work also continues near the northbound frontage road and FM 407 as crews get ready to place pavement for the new frontage road. Various lanes on north- and southbound I-35E near the Whitlock Lane Bridge in Carrollton will be closed nightly from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m. through Feb. 8 (Saturday). Northbound traffic will be shifted east and southbound traffic will be shifted west. This construction is needed for work related to the 35Express Project, an expansion of I-35E between US Highway 380 in Denton County and I-635 in Dallas County. All closures are subject to weather conditions and will be postponed, if necessary. I-35E HOV lane closure extended - January 22, 2014 Crews working on I-35E have extended the southbound I-35E HOV lane closure north to FM 3040/Round Grove Road in Lewisville to improve mobility in the area. The southbound HOV lane closure now extends from FM 3040/Round Grove Road in Lewisville to I-635 in Dallas. The northbound HOV lane remains closed between I-635 and Whitlock Lane. The north- and southbound HOV lanes between Whitlock Lane in Carrollton and I-635 in Dallas were permanently closed Jan. 13 as crews prepare to widen the bridges at Whitlock Lane, Crosby Road, Valwood Parkway and Valley View Lane.  The HOV lanes will be replaced by a reversible managed lane system that will open once construction on the project is complete in mid-2017. These closures are needed for work related to the 35Express Project, an expansion of I-35E between US Highway 380 in Denton County and I-635 in Dallas County. All closures are subject to weather conditions and will be postponed, if necessary. Various I-35E lanes to be closed for repairs - January 21, 2014 Various lanes on north- and southbound I-35E, from Valwood Parkway in Carrollton to US 380 in Denton, will be closed daily from 9 a.m. until 3:30 p.m., through Saturday, Jan. 25 for road repairs. Motorists should also expect delays along the frontage roads in these areas as crews continue to repair potholes. Other lane closures along I-35E include: The left lane of north and south bound I-35E between Crosby and Luna Roads will be closed nightly from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m. through Saturday, Feb. 8, to set a concrete traffic barrier. As work is being performed, northbound traffic will be shifted east and southbound traffic will be shifted west. These closures are needed for work related to the 35Express Project, an expansion of I-35E between US Highway 380 in Denton County and I-635 in Dallas County. All closures are subject to weather conditions and will be postponed, if necessary. I-35 HOV lane closure set for Carrollton - January 9, 2014 As construction on the 35Express project continues, the north and southbound high occupancy vehicle (HOV) lanes running from Whitlock Lane in Carrollton, south to I-635 in Dallas, will close permanently at 9 p.m., Jan. 13. Once completed, I-35E will feature a pair of reversible managed toll lanes that will take the place of HOV lanes. The managed lanes will be reversed each day to handle southbound traffic in the morning, and northbound traffic in the evening. The goal of the managed lanes will be to ease congestion and keep traffic flowing at an average rate of 50 mph along the corridor. In addition, as crews begin to prepare the Belt Line Road bridge for upcoming work, east- and westbound Main Street at the I-35E frontage road in Carrollton will be closed nightly from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m., Sunday, Jan. 12 through Friday, Jan. 17. Various closures planned along I-35E - December 16, 2013 The following closures will be in place as crews perform work along Interstate 35E: Denton: A right lane of Bonnie Brae Street approaching the northbound I-35E service road will be closed nightly from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m. Monday, Dec. 16, through Wednesday, Dec. 18. The northbound right lane of I-35E at Bonnie Brae Street will be closed from 9 p.m. Tuesday, Dec. 17, until 6 a.m. Wednesday, Dec. 18. The southbound right lane of I-35E at Bonnie Brae Street will be closed from 9 p.m. Wednesday, Dec. 18, until 6 a.m. Thursday, Dec. 19. The right lane of the northbound I-35E frontage road between Regal Road and Wind River Lane in will be closed from 9 a.m. until 3:30 p.m. Wednesday, Dec. 18, to set concrete traffic barrier. Lewisville: The right lane of the southbound I-35E exit ramp to FM 407 will be closed from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m. Monday, Dec. 16 to repair a damaged attenuator. The right lane of the northbound I-35E frontage road between Millican Drive and Valley Ridge Circle will be closed daily from 9 a.m. until 3:30 p.m. Monday, Dec. 16 through Friday, Dec. 20 to repair damaged guardrail. These closures are needed for work related to the 35Express Project, an expansion of I-35E between US Highway 380 in Denton County and I-635 in Dallas County. All closures are subject to weather conditions and will be postponed, if necessary. Construction to close frontage roads - December 4, 2013 The eastbound right lane of Bonnie Brae Street near I-35E will be closed nightly from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m., Wednesday, Dec. 4 through Friday, Dec. 6. This closure is needed for work related to the 35Express Project, an expansion of I-35E between US Highway 380 in Denton County and I-635 in Dallas County. All closures are subject to weather conditions and will be postponed, if necessary. Construction to close frontage roads - November 25, 2013 The eastbound lane of FM 407 between the north- and southbound Interstate 35E frontage roads will be closed from 9 a.m. until noon, Tuesday, Nov. 26 as part of the ongoing I-35E construction.  Traffic will be detoured to the southbound I-35E frontage road, to Valley Ridge Boulevard and then to the northbound I-35E frontage road and back to FM 407. The right and left lanes of the northbound I-35E frontage road between State Highway 121/Sam Rayburn Tollway and just north of the exit ramp to FM 3040/Round Grove Road will be closed intermittently from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m., Tuesday, Nov. 26 and Wednesday, Nov. 27. All closures are subject to weather conditions and will be postponed, if necessary. Additional frontage road lane closures this week - November 11, 2013 Some frontage road lane closures will be in place this week as part of the ongoing 35Express construction project. The U-turn lane at the southbound I-35E frontage road and Valwood Parkway in Carrollton will be closed from 9 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. daily through Nov. 15 (Friday). The right lane of the northbound I-35E frontage road between Shady Shores Road and Pockrus Page Road will be closed from 9 a.m. until 3:30 p.m. daily through Nov. 15 (Friday). The right lane of the southbound I-35E frontage road will be closed between Bogard Lane and the FM 407 bridge from 9 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. daily through Nov. 15 (Friday). The right lane of the westbound Sam Rayburn Tollway (State Highway 121) frontage road will be closed between the I-35E frontage road and Lake Vista Drive from 9 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. daily through Nov. 15 (Friday). The 35Express construction project is an expansion of I-35E between U.S. Highway 380 in Denton County and I-635 in Dallas County. Frontage road lane closures related to 35Express Project - November 5, 2013 Frontage road closures along Interstate 35E and Sam Rayburn Tollway (State Highway 121) will be in place this week during the ongoing 35Express construction project. The right lane of the westbound Sam Rayburn Tollway (State Highway 121) frontage road between the I-35E frontage road and Lake Vista Drive will be closed from 9 a.m. until 3:30 p.m. each day through Nov. 8 (Friday). The left lane of the northbound I-35E frontage road between Mayhill Road and north of the entrance to Denton Regional Medical Center will be closed from 9 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. each day through Nov. 11 (Monday). Access to the hospital will be maintained. The 35Express construction project is an expansion of I-35E between U.S. Highway 380 in Denton County and I-635 in Dallas County. Closures are subject to weather conditions. University Pass Program - October 24, 2013 Looking for an easy way to get to work or school? Want some extra time to study, sleep or catch up on work? Consider the Denton County Transportation Authority's University Pass Program, which offers reduced fares for University of North Texas students, faculty and staff on local and regional transportation systems. The program offers two levels of participation: the Local System and Regional System. The Local System Passes are valid on the A-train, Denton Connect, Connect RSVP and UNT Shuttles. The Regional System passes are valid on all of the local systems and fixed-route bus and rail services provided by the Dallas Area Rapid Transit, Trinity Railway Express and the Fort Worth Transportation Authority. DCTA's A-train connects Denton and Dallas counties six days a week, making two stops in Denton and three in Lewisville and connecting to the Dallas Area Rapid Transit system in Carrollton. The A-train takes 45 minutes to complete its entire route from the Downtown Denton station to the DART Trinity Mills station. Operating from 5 a.m. to 9 p.m. Monday through Thursday, from 5 a.m. until past midnight on Friday and 9:30 a.m. until past midnight with limited frequencies on Saturday, the A-train's tracks run alongside Interstate 35 East. University Passes can be purchased in person at the Downtown Denton Transit Center (608 E. Hickory, Denton) or online through UNT Parking and Transportation Services. If you do not live near a bus route or A-train stop, ridesharing may be a good alternative to driving every day. UNT Parking and Transportation Services offer a ridesharing program that is tailored to the UNT community. This service allows for people to search through a bank of people that are willing to drive or need rides, then communicate through anonymous emails to arrange rides and expenses. The ridesharing service can be accessed at the UNT Parking and Transportation website. Community meetings - October 15, 2013 The public is invited to learn more about the 35Express Project, an expansion of Interstate 35E between US Highway 380 in Denton County and I-635 in Dallas County, by attending one of three community meetings. All meetings begin at 6 p.m. and will highlight a different segment of the 28-mile corridor. Construction of the 35Express Project is being managed by AGL Constructors for the Texas Department of Transportation. AGL Constructors is a joint venture between Archer Western Contractors L.L.C., Granite Construction Incorporated and The Lane Construction Corporation in partnership with the design team of Parsons and HDR Inc. AGL has more than 10 years experience working along the I-35E corridor. North Segment (Cities of Corinth and Denton) Tuesday, Oct. 22 6 p.m. Denton City Hall 215 E. McKinney Street Denton, Texas 76201 Middle Segment (Cities of Lewisville, Highland Village, Hickory Creek, and Lake Dallas) Monday, Oct. 28 6 p.m. MCL Grand Theater 100 North Charles Street Lewisville, Texas 75057 South Segment Meeting (Cities of Farmers Branch and Carrollton) Monday, Oct. 21 6 p.m. Farmers Branch City Hall 13000 William Dobson Parkway Farmers Branch, Texas 75234 Those unable to attend the meeting may follow along on Twitter, @35Express, use #35ExpressChat to ask questions or join the conversation. Students, faculty and staff can keep updated on the construction at: UNT's Facebook account Twitter at #i35e InHouse AGL Constructors, the project developer, also offers several venues for updates including: www.35express.org Facebook/I35Express Twitter/35Express Hotline: 214-483-7777 Construction begins - October 1, 2013 I-35E segment map Reconstruction of I-35E between U.S. Highway 380 in Denton south to Interstate 635 will begin in October. An official groundbreaking on Oct. 3 will launch the four-year project, which includes 28 miles of I-35. The $4.8 billion project includes the addition of managed lanes, general purpose lanes, improvements to various bridges and a new southbound bridge over Lake Lewisville. Construction should begin in mid-October on the bridges at Bonnie Brae, U.S. Highway 77, Mayhill Road, McCormick Road, FM 407, Whitlock Lane, Crosby Road, Valwood Parkway, and Valley View Lane. Work on the Lake Lewisville bridge is expected to begin in November. In addition, the segment of I-35 that stretches from US 380 in Denton to Swisher Road or FM 2181 in Corinth will be expanded from four to six lanes. The bridges at North Texas Boulevard, Post Oak and Corinth Parkway also will be expanded. Turbeville Road will be connected to the north- and southbound I-35E frontage roads. Both frontage roads also will be rebuilt. This work is expected to take place in 2014. The Texas Department of Transportation also publishes Project tracker, a quarterly update on the project. Top Required Links Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Main Menu Home Admissions Academics Student Life About UNT Research Athletics Giving University Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Calendar UNT Map Jobs at UNT Colleges & Schools Specifically for Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni & Friends Parents & Family Community Emails Graduate Admissions Freshman Admissions Transfer Admissions International Admissions     Find UNT on Google Maps 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information   940-565-2000   800-RELAY TX   Technical Issues Call us Email Us UNT Map Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links ©2017 University of North Texas 