 allabout   We are  All About  allabout   We are  All About  allabout   We are  All About  allabout   We are  All About  allabout   We are  All About  allabout   We are  All About  allabout   We are  All About  allabout   We are  All About  allabout   We are  All About  allabout   We are  All About   We are UNT. | All About UNT Skip to main content Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Search form Search All About UNT Home We areBig and Bold We areExcellence Realized We areInnovative We arePart of the Community We areGrowing Green We arethe Mean Green Nation We are creative innovation. UNT is more than a place. We are a state of mind, a way of being. Here, knowledge grows. Ideas become discoveries. And opportunities are boundless. We ask questions and seek answers. We push boundaries and expand minds. We defy expectations to pursue excellence in everything. We are the means to bigger and better things. We are the path to success. We are UNT. Student Focused We have 4,900 dedicated faculty and staff members focused on helping students succeed. Our faculty include distinguished researchers, scholars and artists who are mentors, innovators and leaders. Big and Bright 37,973 Total Enrollment The class of 2020 is one of the largest freshman classes and part of a bright student body that includes 11 National Merit Finalists this fall, 144 Terry Scholars and 1,800 Honors College students. 221: We offer 101 bachelor’s, 82 master’s and 38 doctoral degree programs, many nationally and internationally recognized. 400: UNT has 400 student organizations, including 39 fraternities and sororities and 157 academic honor societies. WE ARE UNT. We inspire a community of dreamers and doers. Our talented students define their individual paths to excellence. Our dedicated faculty create and share knowledge from the frontiers of discovery. Our passionate staff help students succeed. Our alumni lead change and make impacts as they shape the world. And together, with our partners, we make a difference. We are a family bound together by creativity and innovation. We are the power to transform. We are UNT. Visit us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Watch us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg. 3rd Floor, Room 360[map] Mail Us University Relations, Communications & Marketing 1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us Phone: 940-565-2108 Email: urcm@unt.edu Technical problems? Site last updated on: June 15, 2016 Disclaimer  |   AA/EOE/ADA  |   Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |   State of Texas Online  |   Emergency Preparedness  Student Consumer Information  |   UNT Compliance Hotline  |   UNT Home 