 president   planning implementation Planning Implementation Office of the President president   planning implementation Planning Implementation Office of the President president   planning implementation Planning Implementation Office of the President president   planning implementation Planning Implementation Office of the President president   planning implementation Planning Implementation Office of the President president   planning implementation Planning Implementation Office of the President president   planning implementation Planning Implementation Office of the President president   planning implementation Planning Implementation Office of the President president   planning implementation Planning Implementation Office of the President president   planning implementation Planning Implementation Office of the President  Planning Implementation | Office of the President Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Meet President Smatresk» Meet President Smatresk Read President Smatresk's full bio Contact President Smatresk Download an official headshot of President Smatresk Initiatives & Priorities» Initiatives & Priorities Top-Tier Research University Talon Team Planning Implementation Speeches & Communications University Resources President's Cabinet Contact President Smatresk Search form Search the UNT web site: Office of the President MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of the President Office of the President Main menu Home Meet President Smatresk Initiatives & PrioritiesTop-Tier Research University Planning Implementation Talon Team Speeches & Communications University Resources President's Cabinet Contact President Smatresk Planning Implementation "Let’s fulfill the opportunity we have to be the best university anyone has ever heard of, providing the best education in Texas. And let's celebrate our excellence." — President Neal Smatresk Planning for the Future Like everyone in the UNT community, President Neal Smatresk has big dreams for UNT. He sees a UNT that excels at providing the best education to students and transforming an increasingly first-generation student population into the workforce and leaders of tomorrow. He sees a UNT that is a first choice university and partner, known around the world for its excellence and creative bent. And he sees a UNT that one day is among the top public research institutions in the nation, delivering the innovations and intellect that will solve global problems and power the economy. President Smatresk’s vision for UNT is rooted in concrete plans with clear action and accountability — plans that are both a to-do list for today and a roadmap for tomorrow. “Plans are not a set of goals. Plans are a series of action steps that you use to achieve your goals and that you measure yourself against with metrics,” Smatresk says. Click to enlarge   Each year through planning implementation workshops, the president and UNT stakeholders develop an action plan that details what the university should accomplish in the academic year to make progress and move closer to its goals and dreams. President Smatresk unveils the action plan at the annual State of the University in September and assigns implementation teams. By the end of the academic year, the teams report their progress with metrics and next steps. The annual planning cycle includes: Planning Implementation Workshop: Annual summer meeting to develop priorities for the coming academic year from broad internal and external stakeholder input State of the University: President’s annual address to campus detailing progress from the past year and priorities going forward. Learn about the 2016 State of the University. Periodic and Annual Reporting: Updates from the Planning Implementation teams throughout the year and in the year-end report   2016 Planning Implementation Workshop: UNiTed by Purpose Read the message to campus about the 2016 Planning Implementation Workshop. Read a summary of the 2016 Planning Implementation Workshop. 2015 Planning Implementation Workshop: Owning Excellence Read the message to campus about the 2015 Planning Implementation Workshop. Read a summary of the 2015 Planning Implementation Workshop. Read the 2014-15 Planning Implementation Reports. 2014 Planning Implementation Workshop: Better Together Read the message to campus about the 2014 Planning Implementation Workshop. Read a summary of the 2014 Planning Implementation Workshop.         Save Initiatives & Priorities Top-Tier Research University Planning Implementation Talon Team Follow @UNTPrez UNT Insider President's News Roundup Learn more about UNT Partner with UNT University Awards Give nowUNT's Impact Report Visit Us Office of the President Hurley Administration Building Room 201 [map] Mail Us Office of the President University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311425 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2108 president@unt.edu   Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 