s recording music   live  College of Music Recording Services Lives recording music   live  College of Music Recording Services Lives recording music   live  College of Music Recording Services Lives recording music   live  College of Music Recording Services Lives recording music   live  College of Music Recording Services Lives recording music   live  College of Music Recording Services Lives recording music   live  College of Music Recording Services Lives recording music   live  College of Music Recording Services Lives recording music   live  College of Music Recording Services Lives recording music   live  College of Music Recording Services Live  UNT College of Music Recording Services - Live Rec Serv Services Live Archive Login The Live Streaming Project The UNT College of Music began live streaming ensemble performances in 2009 for parents, potential students, and distant colleagues while showing the world-renowned music programs at UNT. Recordings are available to UNT students and faculty for educational use only. Some concerts are available on youtube. Having issues with the stream, or care to give us some feedback on your experience? Send some tech feedback. About the UNT College of Music The UNT College of Music is one of the world's largest and most respected comprehensive music schools. The college offers fully accredited degrees from the bachelor's to doctoral levels and are home to the world's first jazz studies program. Faculty includes internationally-acclaimed artists and scholars in performance, composition, conducting, music theory, music history, ethnomusicology and music education. The College of Music enriches the community by producing more than 1,000 diverse recitals and concerts annually. Distinguished University alumni can be found around the globe in impressive, award-winning careers across a wide-range of music professions. music.unt.edu Stay Connected College of Music on Get on the College Mailing List Streaming Schedule Main Music Building Room 149 Murchison Performing Arts Center Annex recordingservices@unt.edu (940) 565 3780415 Avenue CDenton, TX 76201 About Us Archive Stats RS | CoM © 2017 University of North Texas College of Music. 