  music   spotlights lab bands jazz ensembles featured  union syndicate Lab bands jazz ensembles featured at  Union Syndicate College of Music  music   spotlights lab bands jazz ensembles featured  union syndicate Lab bands jazz ensembles featured at  Union Syndicate College of Music  music   spotlights lab bands jazz ensembles featured  union syndicate Lab bands jazz ensembles featured at  Union Syndicate College of Music  music   spotlights lab bands jazz ensembles featured  union syndicate Lab bands jazz ensembles featured at  Union Syndicate College of Music  music   spotlights lab bands jazz ensembles featured  union syndicate Lab bands jazz ensembles featured at  Union Syndicate College of Music  music   spotlights lab bands jazz ensembles featured  union syndicate Lab bands jazz ensembles featured at  Union Syndicate College of Music  music   spotlights lab bands jazz ensembles featured  union syndicate Lab bands jazz ensembles featured at  Union Syndicate College of Music  music   spotlights lab bands jazz ensembles featured  union syndicate Lab bands jazz ensembles featured at  Union Syndicate College of Music  music   spotlights lab bands jazz ensembles featured  union syndicate Lab bands jazz ensembles featured at  Union Syndicate College of Music  music   spotlights lab bands jazz ensembles featured  union syndicate Lab bands jazz ensembles featured at  Union Syndicate College of Music  Lab bands, jazz ensembles featured at UNT Union Syndicate | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Academics & Ensembles » Academics & Ensembles Our Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of Study » Divisions and Areas of Study Division of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and Ensembles » Division of Conducting and Ensembles Choral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental Studies » Division of Instrumental Studies Brass » Brass Euphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion Strings » Strings Harp Orchestral Strings Woodwinds » Woodwinds Clarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard Studies » Division of Keyboard Studies Organ Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & Auditions » Admissions & Auditions Admissions Overview Admissions » Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition Repertoire » Audition Repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & Facilities » Events & Facilities Events Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community Programs » Community Programs Community Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician » Hire a Musician Common Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic Advising » Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future Students » Future Students Future Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current Students » Current Students Ensemble Auditions » Ensemble Auditions Band and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for Classes » Registering for Classes Schedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic Resources » Academic Resources Music Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Graduation Information Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & Friends » Alumni & Friends Alumni & Friends Overview How to Give » How to Give The Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Search form Search College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Music Main menu Home Academics & EnsemblesOur Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of StudyDivision of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and EnsemblesChoral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental StudiesBrassEuphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion StringsHarp Orchestral Strings WoodwindsClarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard StudiesOrgan Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & AuditionsAdmissions Overview AdmissionsUndergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition RepertoireUndergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & FacilitiesEvents Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community ProgramsCommunity Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician Academic AdvisingUndergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future StudentsFuture Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current StudentsEnsemble AuditionsBand and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for ClassesSchedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic ResourcesMusic Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Graduation Information Office of Disability Accommodation Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & StaffFaculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends Overview How to GiveThe Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Lab bands, jazz ensembles featured at UNT Union Syndicate The University of North Texas College of Music is celebrating 70 years of jazz by offering free evening and lunchtime jazz performances in the University Union Syndicate, 1155 Union Circle.  The free weekly concerts are open to the UNT community and the general public. Performances will showcase the UNT College of Music's variety of jazz ensembles at noon on Thursdays and Fridays and 9 p.m. on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. The One O'Clock Lab Band will kick off the first Wednesday night and Thursday lunchtime events. The Tuesday at 9 p.m. schedule includes: Jan. 31 – Jazz Combo Night Feb. 7 – U-Tubes, directed by Conner Eisenmenger; and Jazz Combos Feb. 14 – Guitar ensembles, directed by Daniel Pinilla and Ethan Stalbaum; and Zebras, directed by Brent McCollough Feb. 28 – Latin Jazz Lab, directed by José Aponte Mar. 7 – Third Street, directed by Andrew Evangelista; Jazz Singers, directed by Jennifer Barnes; and Vocal Jazz Combos Mar. 21 – West End, directed by Justin Binek; Avenue C, directed by Andrew Evangelista; and Vocal Jazz Combos Mar. 28 – Guitar ensembles, directed by Daniel Pinilla and Ethan Stalbaum; and Zebras, directed by Brent McCollough Apr. 4 – US Army Jazz Ambassadors (Special Guest Artist) Apr. 11 – Latin Jazz Lab, directed by José Aponte Apr. 18 – U-Tubes, directed by Conner Eisenmenger; and Vocal Jazz Combos The Wednesday at 9 p.m. schedule includes: Feb. 1 – One O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Alan Baylock Feb. 8 – Three O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Tanya Darby; Two O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Rodney Booth Feb. 15 – Five O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Luke Wingfield; Four O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Brian Horton Mar. 1 – Seven O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Abdullah Ebrahim; Six O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Conner Eisenmenger Mar. 8 – Nine O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Brian Woodbury; Eight O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Colleen Clark Mar. 22 – One O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Alan Baylock Mar. 29 – Three O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Tanya Darby; Two O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Rodney Booth Apr. 5 – Five O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Luke Wingfield; Four O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Brian Horton Apr. 12 – Seven O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Abdullah Ebrahim; Six O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Conner Eisenmenger Apr. 19 – Nine O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Brian Woodbury; Eight O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Colleen Clark The Thursday at noon schedule includes: Feb. 2 – One O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Alan Baylock Feb. 9 – Two O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Rodney Booth Feb. 16 – Three O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Tanya Darby Mar. 2 – Four O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Brian Horton Mar. 9 – Five O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Luke Wingfield Mar. 23 – Six O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Conner Eisenmenger Mar. 30 – Seven O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Abdullah Ebrahim Apr. 6 – Eight O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Colleen Clark Apr. 13 – Nine O'Clock Lab Band, directed by Brian Woodbury The Friday at noon schedule features: Feb. 3 – Jazz Combo Feb. 10 – U-Tubes, directed by Conner Eisenmenger Feb. 17 – Zebras, directed by Brent McCollough Mar. 3 – Guitar ensembles, directed by Daniel Pinilla and Ethan Stalbaum Mar. 10 – Latin Jazz Lab, directed by José Aponte Mar. 24 – Jazz Singers, directed by Jennifer Barnes Mar. 31 – Avenue C, directed by Andrew Evangelista Apr. 7 – Third Street, directed by Andrew Evangelista Apr. 14 – West End, directed by Justin Binek Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2791 music.information@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 