 music   areas of study division composition studies Division of Composition Studies music   areas of study division composition studies Division of Composition Studies music   areas of study division composition studies Division of Composition Studies music   areas of study division composition studies Division of Composition Studies music   areas of study division composition studies Division of Composition Studies music   areas of study division composition studies Division of Composition Studies music   areas of study division composition studies Division of Composition Studies music   areas of study division composition studies Division of Composition Studies music   areas of study division composition studies Division of Composition Studies music   areas of study division composition studies Division of Composition Studies  Division of Composition Studies EUID: * Password: * Request new password Division of Composition Studies Home Calendar Faculty & Staff Admissions Students Alumni Archive CEMI About the Program The composition program at the University of North Texas is one of the largest and most diverse in the nation, with approximately 70 composition students and seven faculty members representing a variety of compositional aesthetics and approaches. Regular guest composer residencies, visiting new music specialists, and dozens of events each year provide students with a rich educational and artistic experience. An interdisciplinary center within UNT’s Division of Composition Studies, the Center for Experimental Music & Intermedia (CEMI) provides a unique environment for the exploration of time-based arts and is internationally renowned for its long history of innovation, particularly in the realm of electroacoustic music. Students, faculty, guests, and collaborators from a variety of disciplines engage in research, creation, and performance in CEMI’s six production studios and the Merrill Ellis Intermedia Theater. Music Now is the weekly composition departmental meeting, an open forum for the exchange of ideas and information about the creation, performance, and understanding of recent music. These forums, which are typically scheduled Mondays at 11:00-11:50 am, feature presentations by UNT faculty and students as well as visiting composers, scholars, and interpreters of new music. Nova is the new music ensemble of the University of North Texas. In keeping with its mission to present a diversity of musical, aesthetic, and cultural experiences, Nova’s repertoire ranges from 20th century classics to works that incorporate the latest musical innovations. Students in the ensemble have opportunities to work with faculty and guest composers and are occasionally joined by faculty and guest performers. Performances and workshops have included music by composition students as well. The Spectrum concert series features new solo and chamber works for instruments and voices, often utilizing new technologies and intermedia. These programs are presented throughout the fall and spring semesters, and are listed in the calendar section of this website. The Composers Forum is a student organization devoted to coordinating performances and bringing new works to public attention. The organization was formed to foster the spirit of collaboration between composers, performers, and artists of all kinds throughout the UNT community. The Initiative for Advanced Research in Technology and the Arts (iARTA) is an interdisciplinary research cluster represented by faculty from across a wide spectrum of the arts, engineering and sciences. iARTA activities include scholarship, creative research and technical development at the leading edges of emergent media practice; the resulting research areas are represented by diverse forms such as telematic performance, immersive installation, robotic sculpture, mobile networks, and art-science collaboration. The cluster also publishes the MOEBIUS Journal, which explores the intersection of theory and practice in electronic arts. 2016-17 Guest Artists Madeleine Shapiro, cellist 19 - 21 Sep 2016 Redi Llupa, pianist 12 Oct 2016 Roomful of Teeth, vocal ensemble 14 - 18 Oct 2016 Carrie Shaw, soprano 4 Nov 2016 Jesse Langen, guitarist 11 Nov 2016 Jon Magnussen, composer 11 Nov 2016 Roomful of Teeth, vocal ensemble 6 - 9 Mar 2017 Małgorzata Walentynowicz, pianist 22 Mar 2017 Harvey Sollberger, composer/conductor/flutist 29 - 31 Mar 2017 Lydian String Quartet 12 - 13 Apr 2017 Bruce Broughton, film composer 17 - 18 Apr 2017 Upcoming Events No events scheduled at this time; please check back later. Recent Division News Landscape Series: 1 by alumnus composer Chaz Underriner (PhD 2016) is one of five works selected (out of 288 submissions from composers in 36 countries) as a finalist for the prestigious 2017 Gaudeamus Award in Composition. His work will receive a performance at the Gaudeamus Muziekweek in September 2017, at which time the award winner will be announced. more Composition alumnus Jason Fick (PhD 2012) was recently appointed Assistant Professor and Director of Music Technology at Oregon State University (Corvallis, OR), beginning in the fall 2016. Jason previously served as Associate Professor of Audio Production at the Art Institute of Dallas. more Graduate composer Bihe Wen's work Ancient Reunion was one of three prizewinners in the Radiophonic Composition/Sound Art category of Leibnizharmonies Composition Competition 2016. Prize winners were awarded by the Mayor of Hannover in Herrenhausen Gardens on 30 June 2016. more Works by graduate composers Bihe Wen and Michael Smith, as well as alumnus Dave Gedosh (DMA 2009), are among 24 works selected from 289 submissions from around the world for the ARS ELECTRONICA FORUM WALLIS 2016, to be held in Switzerland in May. more Alumnus composer Ben Johansen (PhD 2012) has been appointed Lecturer in Composition/Music Technology at Baylor University, beginning in the fall of 2017. more Doctoral composer Seth Shafer presented his paper titled "Performance Practice of Real-Time Notation" at the Second International Conference on Technologies for Music Notation and Representation in Cambridge, UK in September 2016. His electroacoustic work, Hookean Elastics, was performed at the 2016 Sound and Music Computing Conference in Hamburg that same week. more Undergraduate composer Ryan Ayres received Second Prize in the Voices of Change Young Composers Competition for his work twitch; composition alumnus Blake Turner (BM 2014) received an Honorable Mention for his work Elusive Trails. more Jon Christopher Nelson has had two works selected for programming at the International Computer Music Conference in Utrecht, Netherlands, on 12-15 September 2016: Illusory Lines for 8-channel fixed media and Inside a Cloud of Butterflies for classical guitar and interactive electronics. The international jury selected 116 compositions for performance from approximately 600 submissions. more Lockjaw, a brass quintet by undergraduate composer Brandon Maahs, was selected to be premiered at the 2015 Vox Novus Festival on 24 October 2015 at Symphony Space in New York City by the Nautilus Brass Quintet. more Alumnus composer Sam Melnick was selected as winner in the Third Coast Trombone Retreat's first Call For Scores Competition. Fanfare for Many Cars Stuck in Way Too Much Traffic on a Two Lane Highway was premiered in Montague, Michigan on 21 June 2015 by the Anthony P. Hopkins Memorial Trombone Choir. more Web design by Mark Sonnabaum. Last updated 10 January 2017. 