 studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation Orientation Division of Student Affairs  Orientation | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Orientation is your first step in successfully transitioning to UNT. All new undergraduate students are required to attend an orientation session. For freshmen, orientation is a 3-day experience designed to help students and families become acclimated to the university. For transfer students, orientation is a 1-day experience with the same goal. About Orientation During orientation, you will have the chance to meet with faculty and staff from your respective college or school, new classmates, and current students. Orientation is a time for you to learn about campus resources, receive academic advising in preparation for registering for classes, and learn about UNT's traditions! You will leave orientation with a class schedule for the upcoming semester. New graduate students can learn more about orientation options by clicking here. How to Register for Orientation  To register for an orientation session, log in at http://my.unt.edu with your EUID and password. Once logged in, click Student Center, then Register for Orientation. Register early as sessions fill up quickly. If you have questions, please visit our Frequently Asked Questions page. Additional Resources  Permission to Treat form (pdf) Immunization requirements Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Student Accounting and Cashiering Services Summer School at UNT Information for International Students (pdf) Orientation Pre-Orientation Freshman Orientation Transfer Orientation Graduate Orientation Spring Orientation Parent and Family (Guests) Español FAQs Orientation Team Members Sponsorship Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 