s commencement   Celebrating the accomplishments of  graduates Commencements commencement   Celebrating the accomplishments of  graduates Commencements commencement   Celebrating the accomplishments of  graduates Commencements commencement   Celebrating the accomplishments of  graduates Commencements commencement   Celebrating the accomplishments of  graduates Commencements commencement   Celebrating the accomplishments of  graduates Commencements commencement   Celebrating the accomplishments of  graduates Commencements commencement   Celebrating the accomplishments of  graduates Commencements commencement   Celebrating the accomplishments of  graduates Commencements commencement   Celebrating the accomplishments of  graduates Commencement  Celebrating the accomplishments of UNT graduates | Commencement Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Spring Commencement » Spring Commencement Information for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Parking and Transportation Fall Commencement » Fall Commencement Information for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Regalia Directions & Parking » Directions & Parking Maps Search form Search Commencement MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Commencement Main menu Home Spring CommencementInformation for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Parking and Transportation Fall CommencementInformation for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Regalia Directions & ParkingMaps Ready to Soar Ready to Soar Celebrating the accomplishments of UNT graduates Great Graduates After overcoming an eating disorder, UNT senior Leta Cunningham now hopes to dedicate herself to writing and teaching others.Read More The Mean Green family comes together each year at commencement to honor the hard work and celebrate the success of our graduates. These are stories of pride, spirit and support -- the University of North Texas way. Congratulations, graduate! You’ve done it. All the hard work, late nights and sacrifice are paying off. Soon you’ll be a college graduate, ready to conquer the world with a UNT degree in hand and all of the power and knowledge that comes with it. It’s time to celebrate! Commencement marks a passage, the transformation from student to graduate. It’s the beginning of a new journey of discovery and the start of a lifelong affiliation with UNT as an alumnus alumni. We're celebrating this milestone with you. For you. And with all of the fanfare and grandeur you deserve. We want you to attend all of the graduation events because there are unique features for each one. It also gives you more opportunities to celebrate with your loved ones and your UNT family. UNT Graduation Block Party It’s time to celebrate all you’ve accomplished! All graduation candidates and their guests are encouraged to join us from 5 p.m. to 9 p.m. on May 12 (Friday) for the UNT Graduation Block Party on Highland Street. The party will encompass the University Union's south lawn and extend into the Library Mall. The evening will be filled with festivities, including commemorative giveaways, a special gift for graduates, free festival-type food, food trucks, live music, games, photo ops, Scrappy, one drawing for a free class ring and another for free diploma frames, a special ice cream flavor in honor of graduation, and UNT merchandise and memorabilia available for purchase. Everything wraps up with fireworks and the UNT Alma Mater at dark. Bring your tassel and UNT ID to receive your free graduation gift and to be entered into the drawings. Parking will be available in the Fouts Field lots, the lots along Welch Street and in the Highland Street parking garage. Spring Ceremonies Every May, UNT's Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremonies honor UNT's annual graduating class with pomp and circumstance and enable graduates to enjoy the traditional moments of graduation with fellow graduates from their college or school, including degree conferral. Graduation is about individual recognition. Graduates names being called. Walking the stage in their cap and gown. Shaking hands with their university administration. Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremonies give graduates the opportunity to celebrate graduation with these traditional features. A Doctoral and Master's Commencement is held every May to recognize the accomplishments of students who completed post-graduate studies by that semester. Doctoral and M.F.A. candidates (recipients of terminal degrees) are hooded during this ceremony by their faculty mentor(s). Fall Ceremonies In December, UNT holds Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremonies for summer and fall graduates. These ceremonies feature the traditional moments of graduation, including degree conferral and individual recognition. A Doctoral and Master's Commencement is held every December to recognize doctoral and M.F.A. candidates (recipients of terminal degrees) who completed post-graduate studies by that semester. Fall degree candidates and summer degree recipients are hooded by their faculty mentor(s) and their degrees are conferred during this ceremony. Congratulations, UNT graduate! Savor this time and be a part of the sea of green pride at UNT’s commencement events. Learn more about the different commencement events for Spring and Fall. Visit Us Alumni Center Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-2000 Technical issues? Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 