 music   faculty and staff gideon alorwoyie Gideon F Alorwoyie College of Music music   faculty and staff gideon alorwoyie Gideon F Alorwoyie College of Music music   faculty and staff gideon alorwoyie Gideon F Alorwoyie College of Music music   faculty and staff gideon alorwoyie Gideon F Alorwoyie College of Music music   faculty and staff gideon alorwoyie Gideon F Alorwoyie College of Music music   faculty and staff gideon alorwoyie Gideon F Alorwoyie College of Music music   faculty and staff gideon alorwoyie Gideon F Alorwoyie College of Music music   faculty and staff gideon alorwoyie Gideon F Alorwoyie College of Music music   faculty and staff gideon alorwoyie Gideon F Alorwoyie College of Music music   faculty and staff gideon alorwoyie Gideon F Alorwoyie College of Music  Gideon F. Alorwoyie | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Academics & Ensembles » Academics & Ensembles Our Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of Study » Divisions and Areas of Study Division of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and Ensembles » Division of Conducting and Ensembles Choral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental Studies » Division of Instrumental Studies Brass » Brass Euphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion Strings » Strings Harp Orchestral Strings Woodwinds » Woodwinds Clarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard Studies » Division of Keyboard Studies Organ Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & Auditions » Admissions & Auditions Admissions Overview Admissions » Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition Repertoire » Audition Repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & Facilities » Events & Facilities Events Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community Programs » Community Programs Community Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician » Hire a Musician Common Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic Advising » Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future Students » Future Students Future Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current Students » Current Students Ensemble Auditions » Ensemble Auditions Band and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for Classes » Registering for Classes Schedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic Resources » Academic Resources Music Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Graduation Information Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & Friends » Alumni & Friends Alumni & Friends Overview How to Give » How to Give The Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Search form Search College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Music Main menu Home Academics & EnsemblesOur Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of StudyDivision of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and EnsemblesChoral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental StudiesBrassEuphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion StringsHarp Orchestral Strings WoodwindsClarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard StudiesOrgan Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & AuditionsAdmissions Overview AdmissionsUndergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition RepertoireUndergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & FacilitiesEvents Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community ProgramsCommunity Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician Academic AdvisingUndergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future StudentsFuture Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current StudentsEnsemble AuditionsBand and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for ClassesSchedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic ResourcesMusic Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Graduation Information Office of Disability Accommodation Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & StaffFaculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends Overview How to GiveThe Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Gideon F. Alorwoyie Professor of PercussionDirector of the African Percussion EnsembleDepartment(s)Instrumental Studies, PercussionContact InformationEmail: gideon.alorwoyie@unt.eduOffice Location: Music BuildingOffice #: 113Phone: 940-565-4113Courses taught, syllabi and curriculum vitae Gideon Alorwoyie is professor of music, principal dancer/choreographer and Director of the UNT African Percussion Ensemble. He joined the College of Music faculty in 1996. He is the High priest of the Yewe Cult. Alorwoyie is from Anlo-Afiadenyigba in the Volta Region of Ghana, West Africa and is highly regarded as one of Ghana's foremost virtuosos of traditional music and dance. He was discovered by Phillip Gbeho, then head of the Institute of Art and Culture in Ghana at Hogbetsotso and annual Anlo-traditional cultural festival. Gbeho was so impressed with young Gideon that he offered him a position at the Institute of Art and Culture in 1964. From 1967-84, Alorwoyie worked in the Department of African Studies at the University of Ghana as chief master drummer of the Ghana National Dance Ensemble. Here he acquired the ability to perform music from different cultures. He toured France, the United Kingdom, West Germany, Switzerland, the former USSR, Yugoslavia, the Caribbean, Seoul Korea, Hong Kong, China and the United States as a member of the Ghana National Dance Ensemble. Alorwoyie is the founder and the Artistic Director of the Afrikania Cultural Troupe of Ghana, West Africa, member of the Ethnomusicology Association, and member of the Council of Elders, Dance Africa Chicago. Alorwoyie has worked with notable scholars and composers such as David Locke, John Chernoff, and Steve Reich. He held positions at the State University of New York, College at Brockport, the American Conservatory of Music and at the Old Town School of Folk Music in Chicago before joining the University of North Texas faculty. He is the founder and artistic director of the Chicago-based African-American Unity Ensemble and a member of the advisory council of the African Music Caucus and Percussive Arts Society. His recent projects have included performances at the Ghana Fest in Chicago, master classes in the Ritual Music of Ghana, West Africa at the New England Conservatory in Boston and performances at the inauguration of CEANA in Atlanta. He currently holds the position of master drummer and artistic director of the UNT African Percussion Ensemble. Torgbui Gideon Foli Alorwoyie is a wonderful musician, a superb dancer and has command of a vast repertoire. He is a virtuoso instrumentalist who has expanded the range of traditional African drumming and possesses extraordinary control of tonal inflection over a wide dynamic range. When he performs, one senses his total command of the medium. Professor Midawo Gideon Foli Alorwoyie has been recently installed as Paramount Chief at Tsiyinu-Afegame/Afife, traditional area in the Volta Region of Ghana, West Aftrica, under the stool name of Torgbui Foli Ameanyo III, (Dufia of Tsiyinu/Afife). The event took place on Saturday March 13, 2004. Professional Organizations: Promoted to Full Professor, Spring Semester 2011 11-1-99 to present Member, Advisory Council of the African Music Section, Society for Ethnomusicology 11-31-99 to present Member, Percussive Arts Society 10-23-02 to present Member, Society for Ethnomusicology 10-25-02 to present Member, Council of Elders, Dance Africa, Chicago,IL Books: Agbadza: The History and Music of an Ewe War Drum. Gideon Alorwoyie and David Locke.(Submitted for review to Woeli Press) CDs: "African Cultural Festival'' CD - The Afrikania Cultural Troupe of Ghana, West Africa Concert, University of North Texas, College of Music, Concert Hall, April 5, 2009. "Rhythms of Africa" CD - The UNT African Percussion Ensemble Concert, University of North Texas, College of Music, Main Auditorium, November 19, 2009. "African Cultural Festival" CD-The Afrikania Cultural Troupe of Ghana, West Africa Concert at the University of North Texas, Voertman Hall, March 31 and April 2, 2011. Performances: Multicultural Center, Black History Month Banquet, African music and dance performance, February 18,2009 at the Gateway Center, Denton, Texas. UNT Pan African Student, Black History Month Banquet, African music and dance performance at the Gateway Center, Denton, Texas, February 23,2009. Annual African Cultural Festival of Ethnic music and dance at the Concert Hall, Denton, with guest artists groups, Denton, Texas, April 5, 2009. University of Hong Kong Summer Institute. July 24,2009. Hong Kong, China. Hogbetsotso Festival of the Noviha, UK. African music and dance performance at Tottenham Green Leisure Centre, London, England, September 5, 2009. UNT World Fest on the square, African music and dance performance, Downtown Square, Denton, TX - September 26,2009. Hogbetsotso Festival of the Ewes of Ontario, African music and dance at North Kipling Community Center, Canada, October 10,2009. Southern Volta Association of Canada, Appreciation Day performance of African music and dance at the Northwood Community Centre, 15 Clubhouse Court, Toronto, October 11,2009. World Music Festival, African music and dance at Addison, Texas, October 24, 2009. UNT African Percussion Ensemble, Rhythms and Dances of Africa performance at the UNT Main Auditorium, Denton, Texas, November 19, 2009. African Life and Culture Assembly, African Music and Dance performance at Woodrow Wilson High School, February 25,2011. First African Freedom Church, Black History Month, African Music and Dance performance at Martin Luther King Jr. Center, Dallas, February 27,2011. Annual African Cultural Festival of Ethnic Music and Dance, Voertman Hall, March 31 and April 2,2011. Lectures: "Introduction to African Drumming" MUAG 1117, Percussion Methods for percussion majors, LINT, Denton, Texas, October 28,2009. "Music Cultures of the World," MUET 3030, College of Music, UNT Denton, Texas, October 27,2009. "Popular Music in American Culture," MUET 3020, College of Music, UNT Denton, Texas, November 16,2000. "Music Cultures of the World" MUET 3030, College of Music, UNT Denton, Texas, Spring Semester 2011. "Popular Music in American Culture" MUET 3020, College of Music, UNT Denton, Texas Spring Semester 2011. "Introduction to African Drumming" MUAG 1117, Percussion Methods for percussion majors, UNT Denton, Texas, Spring Semester 2011. Workshops: Summer Institute, University of Hong Kong, African Music and Dance Workshop in Hong Kong, July 15-23,2009. Grants: "Linguistic Meaning in the Anlo-Ewe Patterns in Brekete Ritual Music." UNT Research and Creativity Enhancement Awards. "African Cultural Festival of Ethnic Music and Dance." Spring 2009, UNT. Grantors: Mayor's Office, City of Denton; UNT University Council; UNT Fine Arts; UNT Dance and Theater Department. Faculty Development Grant. "Gideon Foli Alorwoyie: A Doyen in African Drumming." Fall Semester 2011. Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2791 music.information@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 