 music   faculty and staff stephen austin Stephen F Austin College of Music music   faculty and staff stephen austin Stephen F Austin College of Music music   faculty and staff stephen austin Stephen F Austin College of Music music   faculty and staff stephen austin Stephen F Austin College of Music music   faculty and staff stephen austin Stephen F Austin College of Music music   faculty and staff stephen austin Stephen F Austin College of Music music   faculty and staff stephen austin Stephen F Austin College of Music music   faculty and staff stephen austin Stephen F Austin College of Music music   faculty and staff stephen austin Stephen F Austin College of Music music   faculty and staff stephen austin Stephen F Austin College of Music  Stephen F. Austin | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Academics & Ensembles » Academics & Ensembles Our Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of Study » Divisions and Areas of Study Division of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and Ensembles » Division of Conducting and Ensembles Choral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental Studies » Division of Instrumental Studies Brass » Brass Euphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion Strings » Strings Harp Orchestral Strings Woodwinds » Woodwinds Clarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard Studies » Division of Keyboard Studies Organ Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & Auditions » Admissions & Auditions Admissions Overview Admissions » Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition Repertoire » Audition Repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & Facilities » Events & Facilities Events Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community Programs » Community Programs Community Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician » Hire a Musician Common Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic Advising » Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future Students » Future Students Future Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current Students » Current Students Ensemble Auditions » Ensemble Auditions Band and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for Classes » Registering for Classes Schedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic Resources » Academic Resources Music Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Graduation Information Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & Friends » Alumni & Friends Alumni & Friends Overview How to Give » How to Give The Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Search form Search College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Music Main menu Home Academics & EnsemblesOur Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of StudyDivision of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and EnsemblesChoral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental StudiesBrassEuphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion StringsHarp Orchestral Strings WoodwindsClarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard StudiesOrgan Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & AuditionsAdmissions Overview AdmissionsUndergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition RepertoireUndergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & FacilitiesEvents Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community ProgramsCommunity Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician Academic AdvisingUndergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future StudentsFuture Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current StudentsEnsemble AuditionsBand and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for ClassesSchedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic ResourcesMusic Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Graduation Information Office of Disability Accommodation Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & StaffFaculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends Overview How to GiveThe Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Stephen F. Austin Chair of Vocal StudiesProfessor of VoiceDepartment(s)Vocal StudiesContact InformationEmail: stephen.austin@unt.eduOffice Location: Music BuildingOffice #: 216Phone: 940-369-7214Courses taught, syllabi and curriculum vitae Dr. Austin joined the faculty of UNT in 2001 after several years of teaching at Louisiana State University. He teaches applied voice and vocal pedagogy. Dr. Austin received a masters degree in vocal performance from UNT and continued his studies at the University of Iowa where he earned the Ph.D. in voice science from the Department of Communication Disorders under the direction of Dr. Ingo Titze. His unique training in performance and voice science has placed Dr. Austin at the forefront of interdisciplinary work in vocal pedagogy. Dr. Austin is an active performer, published author, and a popular lecturer in vocal pedagogy and voice science. He has presented recitals, lectures, and master classes across this country, in England, The Netherlands, and in Australia. He is regularly featured on the faculty of the "Annual Symposium: Care of the Professional Voice" sponsored by the Voice Foundation and held in Philadelphia each summer. He has made presentations to the national conventions of the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association, the Music Teachers National Association, and to the National Association of Teachers of Singing (NATS). He has offered lectures and master classes at national and international conferences and workshops including the Westminster Choir College Summer Workshop, the international meeting of the Physiology and Acoustics of Singing Conference, the NATS mid-winter workshops, and recently the Pan European Voice Conference held in London, England. He has also appeared as special guest for the New York Singing Teachers Association. Dr. Austin is known for his ability to clarify for the voice teaching community the complexities of voice science and to make it applicable to the studio teacher and singer. His articles on this subject have been published in AUSTRALIAN VOICE, the journal of the Australian National Association of Teachers of Singing and in the JOURNAL OF SINGING. He writes a featured column in the JOURNAL OF SINGING called 'Provenance' where he examines the historically significant treatises on vocal pedagogy and elucidates important pedagogical principles from the past. His scientific research has focused on the articulatory behavior of classically trained singers and has been published in the JOURNAL OF VOICE. He is a member of the editorial board of the Journal of Singing, and serves on the Voice Science Advisory Committee of NATS. He is also a member of the Science Advisory Committee of the Voice Foundation. A successful teacher, he has students singing professionally in this country and in Europe. Publications There's a hole in the middle, the middle, the middle.' In Defense of Garcia's Placement of the Falsetto in the Middle of the Singing Range in Both Men and Women." Austin, Stephen F. Journal of Singing, Volume: 62. Date: January, 2006. "Just for the "Trill" of It!" Austin, Stephen F. Journal of Singing, Volume: 62. Date: March, 2006. Suoni Filati: The Messa di Voce." Austin, Stephen F. Journal of Singing, Volume: 62. Date: May, 2006, Page 573. "Words from William Shakespeare." Austin, Stephen F. and William Shakespeare. Journal of Singing, Volume: 63. Date: September, 2006. Page 87. "Flapping Jaws and Acoustic Laws: A Singer's Guide to Inertive Reactance." Journal of Singing, Volume: 63. Date: November, 2006. "Buried Treasure: >The Voice Teacher's Problems'". Journal of Singing, Volume 63. Date: January, 2007, Page 325. "Herman Klein; A >Contemporary' Link to Mozart (I)". Journal of Singing, Volume 63. Date: March, 2007. Page 469. "Herman Klein; >Contemporary' Link to Mozart (II)". Journal of Singing, Volume 63. Date: May, 2007. Page 577. Howden, H., Austin, S. F. "Effect of estrogen replacement therapy in the menopausal singing voice". J. of Research in Singing, Vol. XIV, 2, p. 41-50. 1991. Austin, S. F. "The effect of subglottal resonance upon vocal fold vibration." Journal of Voice. Vol. 11(3), 1997. Pg 391-402. Austin, S. F. "Movement of the velum during speech and singing in classically trained singers" Journal of Voice. Vol. 11(2), 1997, pg 212-221. Austin, S. F. "Treasure chest" - a physiological and pedagogical review of the low mechanism". Journal of Singing, Journal of the National Association of Teachers of Singing. Vol. 61, No. 3. Jan/Feb. 2005. Pg. 241-251. Austin, S. F. "Jaw Opening in Novice and Experienced Classically Trained Singers". Accepted for publication in the Journal of Voice, August 10, 2005. Austin, S. F. "Nasal Resonance - Dispelling the Myth". Australian Voice, Journal of The Australian National Association of Teachers of Singing. Vol. 1, 1995, pg. 18-23. Austin, S.F. Book Review: " Listening: An Introduction to the Perceptions of Auditory Events" by S. Handel. Appeared in Ear & Hearing, Vol. 16 No. 4, July/August, 1995. Austin, S. F. "Principles of Voice Science: Studio Applications". Australian Voice, Journal of The Australian National Association of Teachers of Singing. 1996. Pg. 1-9. Austin, S. F. "I couldn't understand a single word!" Australian Voice, Journal of The Australian National Association of Teachers of singing. 1997. Pg. 1-5. Austin, S. F. "Confessions of a Golf-Playing Voice Scientist". Australian Voice, Journal of The Australian National Association of Teachers of singing. 1998. Pg. 1-11. Austin, S. F. "Pedagogical Application of the Two-Register Theory".Australian Voice, Journal of The Australian National Association of Teachers of singing. 1999. Pg. 25-31. Austin, S. F. "Nasal Resonance-Fact or Fiction?" Journal of Singing, Journal of the National Association of Teachers of Singing. Vol. 57, No. 2. Nov/Dec. 2000. Pg. 33-41. Austin, S. F. "Scientific Support for the two-register theory of the singing voice". Chapter in The Modern Singing Master. A Festschrift published in honor of master teacher Cornelius Reid's 80 th birthday and 60 years of teaching. Singular Press. Spring, 2002. Austin, S. F. "Portamento". Journal of Singing, Journal of the National Association of Teachers of Singing. Vol. 60, No. 3. Jan/Feb, 2004. Pg. 301. Austin, S. F. "Staccato". Journal of Singing, Journal of the National Association of Teachers of Singing. Vol. 60, No. 4. March/April, 2004. Pg. 405. Austin, S. F. "Aspirato: an exception to the rule". Journal of Singing, Journal of the National Association of Teachers of Singing. Vol. 60, No. 5. May/June, 2004. Pg. 33. Austin, S. F. "You say marcatto, I say martellato". Journal of Singing, Journal of the National Association of Teachers of Singing. Vol. 61, No. 1. Sept/Oct, 2004. Pg. 89. Austin, S. F. "Register unification - Give me a break!". Journal of Singing, Journal of the National Association of Teachers of Singing. Vol. 61, No. 2. Nov/Dec, 2004. Pg. 71. Austin, S. F. "'Like the Squawk of a Capon' - The tenor do di petto".Journal of Singing, Journal of the National Association of Teachers of Singing. Vol. 61, No. 3. Jan/Feb. 2005. Pg 309. Austin, S. F. "The voce chiusa". Journal of Singing, Journal of the National Association of Teachers of Singing. Vol. 61, No. 4. Mar/Apr. 2005. Pg 421. Austin, S. F. "Singing as straight as you can point". Classical Singer Magazine. Vol. 18, No. 3. March, 2005. Pg. 50. Austin, S.F. "The Attack on the 'Coup de la glotte'". _ _Journal of Singing, Journal of the National Association of Teachers of Singing. Vol. 61, No. 5. May/June 2005. Pg 521. Austin, S. F. "Two-headed Llamas and the lutte vocale". Journal of Singing, Journal of the National Association of Teachers of Singing. Vol. 62, No. 1. Sept/Oct. 2005. "First Things First". Journal of Singing, Volume 64. Date: September, 2007. Page 89. "Eye Witness Views". Journal of Singing, Volume 64. Date: November, 2007. Page 217. "Building Strong Voices: Twelve Different Ways!(1)". Choral Journal, 48:7 Dec, 2007: Pg. 55 66. Austin, S. F. AJaw Opening in Novice and Experienced Classically Trained Singers@. Journal of Voice. Vol. 21 (1), 2007, pg 72-79. "Building Strong Voices: Twelve Different Ways!(2)". Choral Journal,Vol. 48:8. Feb, 2008. Pg. 59-73. "Lean on Me!; The Art of the Appoggiatura" The Journal of Singing. Volume: 64 January, 2008. Pg. 363. "Plugging the Holes" The Journal of Singing. Volume: 64 March, 2008. Pg. 497. "Filling the Gap with Guideppe Aprile" The Journal of Singing. Volume: 65 November, 2008. Pg. 225 Presentation to the Physiology and Acoustics of Singing Conference held in Denver, Colorado, 2004. The Vocal Pedagogy Workshop Power Point presentations ArticulationTraining the Male High VoicePhonationRegistersRespirationThe Open ThroatVocal Health The Vocal Pedagogy Workshop 2007Vocal RegistersThe Voce ChiusaThe OnsetArticulationIntertive Reactance The Vocal Pedagogy Workshop 2009Registers 09The Vocal TimbresArticulation The Vocal Pedagogy Workshop 2011Vocal RegistersJaw PositionVocal HealthChiaroscuro The Vocal Pedagogy Workshop 2012Building Strong Voices 12 Different WaysKeeping Your Voice HealthyStick To The ChestOut Of the Darkness Into the Bright Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2791 music.information@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 