 studentaffairs   org g force G Force Office of Outreach studentaffairs   org g force G Force Office of Outreach studentaffairs   org g force G Force Office of Outreach studentaffairs   org g force G Force Office of Outreach studentaffairs   org g force G Force Office of Outreach studentaffairs   org g force G Force Office of Outreach studentaffairs   org g force G Force Office of Outreach studentaffairs   org g force G Force Office of Outreach studentaffairs   org g force G Force Office of Outreach studentaffairs   org g force G Force Office of Outreach  G-Force | Office of Outreach Skip to main content Office of Outreach Menu Search form Search Search Call us Contact Us UNT Map HomeAboutEarly Learning InitiativeMulticultural Scholastic Award ScholarshipG-ForcePeopleContact UsQuicklinks Back MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect University Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Office of Outreach Search form Search Search MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Home About Early Learning Initiative Multicultural Scholastic Award Scholarship G-Force People Contact Us MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Search form Search Search Home About Early Learning Initiative Multicultural Scholastic Award Scholarship G-Force People Contact Us Office of Outreach The 2017-2018 MSA Scholarship is now closed for freshmen, graduate, and continuing students. Transfer students have until June 1 to apply. G-Force About G-Force is a registered student organization at UNT with defined roles established by the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board as part of the College for Texans Campaign. UNT G-Force Mentors develop and supervise Go Centers in 12 different high schools around the North Texas Region. Various teams of these mentors make weekly visits to the high schools and provide college enrollment guidance and support, academic tutoring, and mentoring. They make classroom and assembly presentations, attend parent meetings and workshops, and work one-on-one with 9th-12th grade students. The students are taught how to enroll in the college or university of their choice, apply for scholarships, financial aid, and housing. Therefore, G-Force Mentors are creating a college bound culture through their efforts in post-secondary education. How to Join G-Force Qualifications All Mentors of UNT G-Force must have openings in their class schedules to accommodate Go Center visits. G-Force applicants must have room in their schedule to work two (2) 4-hour sessions during weekdays between 8:30 a.m. and 4 p.m. Selected members are required to attend monthly training sessions throughout the semester. Mentors also must maintain a cumulative GPA of 2.7 and all majors are welcome. Mentors are selected based on their scholastic achievement, leadership experience, and eligibility for financial aid.  Application We are not accepting applications at this time. The application process begins on the UNT Eagle Network. Submit the on-line application and a resume for the G-Force Tutor position. Next, complete our G-Force Application available in our office along with an essay and two reference letters. We will contact you to arrange an interview.  Officers Alicia Moreno President Vanessa Perez Vice President Kellie Cubias Secretary Melissa Martinez Dominguez Historian Shannon Quinn Financial Coordinator Maranda Johnson Data Manager   Services College Applications Financial Aid Scholarships Myths about college Mentoring Assistance with selecting your Major/Career/College Selecting a College Parents/Students Workshops Classroom presentations Tutoring in any subject Military information Community College information Trade School information Contact Landon Ellison Assistant Director/G-Force Advisor:(940) 369-8290 Eagle Student Services Center 136 Top Main Menu Home About Early Learning Initiative Multicultural Scholastic Award Scholarship G-Force People Contact Us University Links MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Email & Phone  oci@unt.edu   (940) 369-7391 Office of Outreach   Eagle Student Services Center 141   1155 Union Circle #310649 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information Call us Email Us UNT Map Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links 