 music   faculty and staff brad leali Brad Leali College of Music music   faculty and staff brad leali Brad Leali College of Music music   faculty and staff brad leali Brad Leali College of Music music   faculty and staff brad leali Brad Leali College of Music music   faculty and staff brad leali Brad Leali College of Music music   faculty and staff brad leali Brad Leali College of Music music   faculty and staff brad leali Brad Leali College of Music music   faculty and staff brad leali Brad Leali College of Music music   faculty and staff brad leali Brad Leali College of Music music   faculty and staff brad leali Brad Leali College of Music  Brad Leali | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Academics & Ensembles » Academics & Ensembles Our Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of Study » Divisions and Areas of Study Division of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and Ensembles » Division of Conducting and Ensembles Choral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental Studies » Division of Instrumental Studies Brass » Brass Euphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion Strings » Strings Harp Orchestral Strings Woodwinds » Woodwinds Clarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard Studies » Division of Keyboard Studies Organ Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & Auditions » Admissions & Auditions Admissions Overview Admissions » Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition Repertoire » Audition Repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & Facilities » Events & Facilities Events Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community Programs » Community Programs Community Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician » Hire a Musician Common Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic Advising » Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future Students » Future Students Future Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current Students » Current Students Ensemble Auditions » Ensemble Auditions Band and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for Classes » Registering for Classes Schedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic Resources » Academic Resources Music Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Graduation Information Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & Friends » Alumni & Friends Alumni & Friends Overview How to Give » How to Give The Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Search form Search College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Music Main menu Home Academics & EnsemblesOur Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of StudyDivision of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and EnsemblesChoral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental StudiesBrassEuphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion StringsHarp Orchestral Strings WoodwindsClarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard StudiesOrgan Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & AuditionsAdmissions Overview AdmissionsUndergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition RepertoireUndergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & FacilitiesEvents Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community ProgramsCommunity Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician Academic AdvisingUndergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future StudentsFuture Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current StudentsEnsemble AuditionsBand and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for ClassesSchedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic ResourcesMusic Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Graduation Information Office of Disability Accommodation Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & StaffFaculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends Overview How to GiveThe Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Brad Leali Associate Professor of Jazz SaxophoneDirector of the Three O'Clock Lab BandDepartment(s)Jazz Studies, WoodwindsContact InformationEmail: brad.leali@unt.eduOffice Location: Music BuildingOffice #: 330Phone: 940-565-4633Courses taught, syllabi and curriculum vitae “His solos are sparkling and Cannonball Adderley influenced" (Evening Standard, London). “Saxophonist Brad Leali was among the most soulful and exciting I’ve heard recently” (New York Times).  With a unique style and sound, which echoes the influences of his past, Brad Leali is one of the most notable saxophonists of current times. A native of Denver, Colorado, Brad was raised in the Baptist Church. In addition to gospel music, he spent countless hours listening to the music his parents played (Coltrane, Cannonball, Bird, James Brown, Marvin Gaye, and Nancy Wilson). It’s no wonder that at a very young age, he was able to combine gospel, jazz, and R&B into his playing. As a child, Brad recalls spending time looking through old yearbook photos of his father in the high school jazz band, looking sharp and clean. He was so enamored by these images that he found himself opening the case, time and time again, to see the beautiful horn from the photos. He finally told his father that he just had to play. That very day, his father had the horn repaired and signed Brad up for the Denver Junior Police Concert Band. That began his long love affair with the saxophone. While studying the saxophone, Brad spent his youthful years listening to live jazz at many Denver music venues. One in particular was named El Chapultapec, owned by Jerry Krantz. Krantz loved jazz and would allow young musicians, such as Brad, to listen, learn, and sit in. It was here that Brad first heard many of his early mentors and local legends (Billy Tolles, Billy Wallace, Homer Brown, Nat Yarborough, etc.). He also got to hear and study with other jazz greats, such as trumpeter Clark Terry and saxophonist Eddie “Cleanhead” Vincent. Leali received a bachelor of arts degree in music education from the University of North Texas in 1989, where he played with the world-renowned One O’Clock Lab Band. Upon graduating, the Harry Connick, Jr. Orchestra immediately recruited him. In his tenure with the orchestra (1989-1994), Brad was the lead alto saxophonist and the musical director. During this time, they toured the world and the orchestra recorded two highly acclaimed CDs (Blue Light, Red Light [1991], When My Heart Finds Christmas [1993]). By invitation of Frank Foster, Brad then joined the Count Basie Orchestra in 1995 (later under Grover Mitchell, 2003). During his years with the group, the Basie band was a two-time Grammy award-winning orchestra. It was one of the greatest musical learning experiences he’d ever had. Working with older musicians only deepened his appreciation of the importance of this music. Spending time one-on-one with the likes of Joe Williams was unforgettable in these formative years. During his time as one of the top jazz musicians in New York City, Leali was a staple in legendary jazz venues like the Village Vanguard, Blue Note, Jazz Standard, Iridium, and Birdland. He also has performed in Lincoln Center in the orchestras of jazz legends Nancy Wilson and Benny Golson. Brad’s desire to pay it forward and help keep jazz alive led him to earn a master’s degree from Rutgers University in 2005. He was quickly appointed as Director of Jazz Studies at Texas Tech University. While there, several scholarships were established in his name, including the “Brad Leali Endowed Jazz Scholarship.” In 2008, Brad joined the esteemed University of North Texas (UNT) faculty as Professor of Jazz Saxophone, where he directs small group ensembles and teaches jazz performance fundamentals and jazz saxophone. As the recipient of the UNT Creative Impact Award in 2014, Brad was recognized as a distinguished faculty member for his outstanding contributions as an educator who perpetuates the value of creative development and performance. Brad Leali has also had a prolific recording career. His first solo recording was Priority Soul! in 1998 on the New Jazz Renaisssance Recordings label. In 1999, the Count Basie Orchestra won a Grammy award for Count Plays Duke with Leali receiving his own nomination for his solo work on the classic Billy Strayhorn composition, "The Star-Crossed Lovers." His discography also includes Live in Europe (Brad Leali Quartet, 2004); Brooklyn Soul Organization (also produced by Leali, 2004); the critically acclaimed Maria Juanez (2006), which features his own compositions and an eighteen-member jazz orchestra; and DA’s Time (Brad Leali-Claus Raible Quartet, 2008) on the TCB label. Leali’s numerous television appearances include local news programs, “NBC’s TODAY,” “The Tonight Show with Jay Leno,” “The Arsenio Hall Show,” BET, and the “Harry Connick, Jr. Christmas Special.” He performed annually for many years as part of the Kennedy Center Honors program. Leali also performed at President Obama’s inaugural celebration “We Are One.” While Brad continues teaching at UNT, he frequently performs, tours, and records. He also enjoys working as a guest artist, clinician, and adjudicator at other educational institutions. Brad has had a long-time endorsement with Keilwerth Saxophones and D’Addario Reeds. He currently tours with Lyle Lovett & His Large Band (2013-present). Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2791 music.information@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 