 advising   Welcome to Academic Advising at the  Advising  advising   Welcome to Academic Advising at the  Advising  advising   Welcome to Academic Advising at the  Advising  advising   Welcome to Academic Advising at the  Advising  advising   Welcome to Academic Advising at the  Advising  advising   Welcome to Academic Advising at the  Advising  advising   Welcome to Academic Advising at the  Advising  advising   Welcome to Academic Advising at the  Advising  advising   Welcome to Academic Advising at the  Advising  advising   Welcome to Academic Advising at the  Advising   Welcome to Academic Advising at the University of North Texas! | Advising @ UNT Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Advising @ UNT Home Getting Started About Advising Building Your Degree Signing Up for Class Campus Resources Paying for College About Your GPA Dropping a Class Class Concierge Campus Resources Find My Advisor Plan My Class Schedule Calculate My GPA   Be in the know! UNT Academic Dates & Deadlines for 2017 » Advisor of the Year Award!  (Nominations are open until Friday, May 5th, click here for more information)   Welcome to Academic Advising at the University of North Texas! Greetings Students! Academic advising plays an important role in guiding you through your educational experience. The Advising @ UNT website provides an overview of services and resources to help support your academic success and professional development.   At UNT, advising staff and faculty will help you review class options, navigate degree requirements, understand policies, and encourage you to get involved in opportunities to explore and achieve your academic goals. The advising community on campus wants you to Succeed at UNT as you find your “green light to greatness.” We invite you to explore this website to learn more about advising and student support services offered at UNT.  Front Page CTA Buttons Menu Find My Advisor Plan My Class Schedule Calculate My GPA Events May 11 - 13 Spring 2017 Undergraduate Commencement May 11 - 13 Spring 2017 Undergraduate Commencement May 11 - 13 Spring 2017 Undergraduate Commencement Contact Us: UNT Senior Advisor Group 1155 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 USA Voice: 940-565-2000 http://advising.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. untadvising@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? urcm@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 8, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 