 facilities   depts recycling services Recycling Services Facilities facilities   depts recycling services Recycling Services Facilities facilities   depts recycling services Recycling Services Facilities facilities   depts recycling services Recycling Services Facilities facilities   depts recycling services Recycling Services Facilities facilities   depts recycling services Recycling Services Facilities facilities   depts recycling services Recycling Services Facilities facilities   depts recycling services Recycling Services Facilities facilities   depts recycling services Recycling Services Facilities facilities   depts recycling services Recycling Services Facilities  Recycling Services | Facilities Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Facilities Home Learn Contact Departments Resources Home » Departments » Grounds ServicesRecycling Services Department Info Email: Doug.Turnage@unt.eduPhone: 940-565-2700Parent Department: Grounds Services Douglas Turnage Recycling Services Supervisor Living Green March 29th from North Texas Television on Vimeo.   MATERIALS WE RECYCLE (click on links for examples of recyclable materials) Aluminum and Plastic• Please EMPTY cans and plastic bottles first.• Deposit cans and drink bottles into recycling containers. • Crushed cans preferred. • No glass containers.   Various Grades of Paper • Nothing touched by food or water. • No laminated paper. • No tissue or paper towels.   Cardboard • Please flatten and place BESIDE the paper recycle bins   Copier/Printer Toner Cartridges • HP, Lexmark, Dell and other major brands of cartridges ARE accepted. • Remanufactured or refurbished cartridges ARE NOT accepted. • Place on top of paper totes.   Fluorescent Light Bulbs • Call Work Control (565-2700) for drop off location.   Styrofoam (only white breakable) • CLEAN White styrofoam only. • Call to request a pickup (369-8516).Downloads AttachmentSize aluminum.pdf261.58 KB cardboard.pdf229.84 KB paper.pdf302.12 KB plastic.pdf268.78 KB styrofoam.pdf312.43 KB Recycling Route Schedule (PDF)73.98 KB FY 14 Recycling Report.pdf73.74 KB FY 15 Recycling Report .pdf74.83 KB Photos 1 2 next › last » See all Construction Report The monthly Construction Obstruction Report shows you where and when to expect construction on campus. View the reports Recycling Links Recycling Home Confidential Documents Materials We Recycle Quick Links What is Maintenance? Work Order Request Work Order Search Vehicle Rentals Project/Estimate Request Building Information Utilities Employee Training IS Helpdesk Building Rep List After Hours Building Rep List Staff Login Website Feedback Survey Contact Us: Facilities 2204 W. Prairie St. 1155 Union Circle #311040 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2700 http://facilities.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. AITS.WebSupport@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 7, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 