 music   faculty and staff thomas sovik Thomas Sov k College of Music music   faculty and staff thomas sovik Thomas Sov k College of Music music   faculty and staff thomas sovik Thomas Sov k College of Music music   faculty and staff thomas sovik Thomas Sov k College of Music music   faculty and staff thomas sovik Thomas Sov k College of Music music   faculty and staff thomas sovik Thomas Sov k College of Music music   faculty and staff thomas sovik Thomas Sov k College of Music music   faculty and staff thomas sovik Thomas Sov k College of Music music   faculty and staff thomas sovik Thomas Sov k College of Music music   faculty and staff thomas sovik Thomas Sov k College of Music  Thomas Sovík | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Academics & Ensembles » Academics & Ensembles Our Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of Study » Divisions and Areas of Study Division of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and Ensembles » Division of Conducting and Ensembles Choral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental Studies » Division of Instrumental Studies Brass » Brass Euphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion Strings » Strings Harp Orchestral Strings Woodwinds » Woodwinds Clarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard Studies » Division of Keyboard Studies Organ Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & Auditions » Admissions & Auditions Admissions Overview Admissions » Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition Repertoire » Audition Repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & Facilities » Events & Facilities Events Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community Programs » Community Programs Community Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician » Hire a Musician Common Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic Advising » Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future Students » Future Students Future Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current Students » Current Students Ensemble Auditions » Ensemble Auditions Band and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for Classes » Registering for Classes Schedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic Resources » Academic Resources Music Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Graduation Information Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & Friends » Alumni & Friends Alumni & Friends Overview How to Give » How to Give The Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Search form Search College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Music Main menu Home Academics & EnsemblesOur Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of StudyDivision of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and EnsemblesChoral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental StudiesBrassEuphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion StringsHarp Orchestral Strings WoodwindsClarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard StudiesOrgan Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & AuditionsAdmissions Overview AdmissionsUndergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition RepertoireUndergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & FacilitiesEvents Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community ProgramsCommunity Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician Academic AdvisingUndergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future StudentsFuture Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current StudentsEnsemble AuditionsBand and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for ClassesSchedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic ResourcesMusic Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Graduation Information Office of Disability Accommodation Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & StaffFaculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends Overview How to GiveThe Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Thomas Sovík Professor of Music TheoryDepartment(s)Music History, Theory and EthnomusicologyContact InformationEmail: thomas.sovik@unt.eduOffice Location: Music BuildingOffice #: 204APhone: 940-369-7689Courses taught, syllabi and curriculum vitae Dr. Sovík currently serves as Professor of Music Theory in the College of Music at University of North Texas with a dual appointment as Director of Central European Studies & Exchanges. Education: Dr. Sovík earned degrees at Ashland University (B.A. 1974) and the Ohio State University (M.A. 1975 & Ph.D. 1985). Most recently, after a 43-year hiatus in his seminary studies, Dr. Sovik received his ordination with a specialization in apologetics and was appointed as an outside evaluator to the Czech Academy of Sciences in the disciplines of musicology, philosophy, ethics, and religious studies. At present, Dr. Sovík is pursuing post-doctoral studies in historical theology at the Puritan Reformed Theological Seminary while serving as pastor of the Free Church of St. James, Brother of the Christ, in Fort Worth, TX. Appointment: After holding faculty positions at the University of Northern Iowa and with Yamaha Music International, he joined the UNT College of Music in 1987 and served as the first chair of the Division of Music History, Theory, & Ethnomusicology (1990-97). He held the position of Dean of Fine & Performing Arts at Mississippi University for Women (1998-99), returning to Dallas for surgery and therapy after being run down by a drunk driver, and thereafter served two additional terms as Division Chair at UNT. Since his return to the University of North Texas, Dr. Sovík has been promoted to the rank of Full Professor, has received UNT's coveted 'fessor Graham award for his "Outstanding Teaching & Dedication to Students," and has been recognized as an "Outstanding Teacher of the Honors College." Research: Dr. Sovík has authored numerous translations, articles, and papers on such disparate topics as university administration and management, the history of music theory, American popular music, technology applied to distance learning, traditional Japanese medicine, military history and ethics, and historical theology. He is a regular participant at international conferences and colloquia with over 100 academic presentations in the United States, Canada, Guatemala, and the Czech Republic, and has presented keynote addresses at such gatherings as the Millennial Conference of Unitas Fratrum Scholars, the Southeast Conference of the College Music Society, and the UNT New Student Convocation. Dr. Sovík's primary research field is the "History of Music Theory in Central Europe during the Medieval and Renaissance Eras." His on-going "30-year project" is the translation and commentary on Glaucidius of Moravia's The Arts of War, Peace, Leadership, and Governance, with Practical Instructions on How to Live Well and to be Loved Even by the Most Vile and Putrid of Your Enemies (c. 1558). A preliminary study of Dr. Sovík's work was published in Kosmas: Czechoslovak and Central European Journal. Teaching: Dr. Sovík's secondary research field is "Popular Music in American Culture," with enrollment in his popular music classes typically exceeding 1,700 students during the course of any academic year. These classes are delivered in both the traditional and large-lecture classroom settings, as internet classes, and in both podcast and videocast formats; in 2010 the course was purchased by McGraw-Hill Education for international distribution. Following "Women in Rock" in Women and Music in America Since 1900: An Encyclopedia (Oryx Press), his most recent publication in the field has been *Popular Music in Our American Culture: Rethinking Music through the Ears of Music (From the Discovery of America to the Antebellum South) (McGraw-Hill). As one of the institution's most dynamic personalities, Dr. Sovík directs and serves as emcee for the university's "Halloween Shake-&-Bake," university's "Valentine's Day Walk-Off," and "The Mean Green Talent Show" – all produced by students enrolled in his popular music classes and open to all students of the university as well as to the entire DFW community. Service to the University and to the Community: In 1990 Dr. Sovík founded the on-going student-exchange program between the University of North Texas, the Janáček Academy of Music & the Performing Arts, Masaryk University, and the Brno Technical College (all of Brno, Czech Republic), and since that time has served as the Director of Central European Studies & Exchanges. As tour director and organist, Dr. Sovík led 34 visits to the Czech Republic; these visits provided the opportunity for 1,428 faculty and students to offer 162 academic presentations and 117 concerts. These tour operations – taking groups to the Czech Republic, Austria, and the Netherlands – have since developed into an independent Texas LLC; tours are offered in March and May and are open to the general public. Dr. Sovík's short-term visitors from the Czech Republic have included composers Jindřich Feld, Ivo Medek, and Arnošt Parsch, flautist Arnošt Bourek, and the Children's Renaissance Collegium of the Pavel Křižkovský School for the Performing Arts. In Spring 2004 Dr. Sovík coordinated a Texas-wide tour of the Czech historical dance company Mimi fortunae, made possible through a grant provided by the Czech Educational Foundation of Texas; subsequently, this organization established a substantial endowment to support a "CEFT Residency in Czech Music and Culture" at the University of North Texas. The first fruit of that endowment was the November 2006 residency of the Wallinger Quartet (Czech Republic); subsequently, the Petr Mička cimbalom orchestra toured the state of Texas with Dr. Sovík in October 2007; the University of North Texas was pleased to welcome Czech pianist Radoslav Kvapil as our resident artist in 2008; in 2010 the College of Music produced Smetana’s opera The Bartered Bride with performances both on campus as well as across the State of Texas; in 2011 the College of Music hosted a Texas-tour of Czech children's artist Pavel Čech; in 2012, Dr. Sovík coordinated the Texas-wide tour of the Czech brass band Stříbrňanka; in 2013, Dr. Sovík coordinated the Texas-wide tour of the Czech brass band Moravská Jedenáctka; in 2015 he coordinated a Texas-wide tour of the Škampa String Quartet, based in Prague. In Spring 2017 Dr. Sovík will coordinate a second Texas-wide tour of the Czech brass band Stříbrňanka. Using funds provided by the Czech Educational Foundation of Texas, in February 2013 Dr. Sovík coordinated a two-continent music festival and academic conference devoted to Czech composer Leoš Janáček that was co-hosted by the UNT College of Music and the Janáček Academy for Music & the Performing Arts (Brno, Czech Republic).  In November 2015 Dr. Sovík coordinated a similar two-continent music festival and academic conference entitled Veselé Vánoce! (A Czech Christmas at the University of North Texas); the festival concluded with Dr. Sovik taking College of Music performers on a 9-city preaching tour of Texas, performing the keynote work of the festival, the Česká mše vánoční (Christmas Mass) by Czech composer Jakub Jan Ryba (1765-1815), with Dr. Sovik serving as organist-conductor. In recognition of his efforts to promote Czech and Texas-Czech culture as a member of the UNT faculty, Dr. Sovík was awarded the Jan Amos Comenius Lifetime Achievement Award at a gala of music, dinner, and dance that was held in his honor at the Czech Center Museum of Houston. Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2791 music.information@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 