 music   faculty and staff david ward David Ward College of Music music   faculty and staff david ward David Ward College of Music music   faculty and staff david ward David Ward College of Music music   faculty and staff david ward David Ward College of Music music   faculty and staff david ward David Ward College of Music music   faculty and staff david ward David Ward College of Music music   faculty and staff david ward David Ward College of Music music   faculty and staff david ward David Ward College of Music music   faculty and staff david ward David Ward College of Music music   faculty and staff david ward David Ward College of Music  David Ward | College of Music Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Academics & Ensembles » Academics & Ensembles Our Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of Study » Divisions and Areas of Study Division of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and Ensembles » Division of Conducting and Ensembles Choral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental Studies » Division of Instrumental Studies Brass » Brass Euphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion Strings » Strings Harp Orchestral Strings Woodwinds » Woodwinds Clarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard Studies » Division of Keyboard Studies Organ Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & Auditions » Admissions & Auditions Admissions Overview Admissions » Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition Repertoire » Audition Repertoire Undergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & Facilities » Events & Facilities Events Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community Programs » Community Programs Community Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician » Hire a Musician Common Service Requests Request Musical Services Request for Music Lessons Academic Advising » Academic Advising Undergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future Students » Future Students Future Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current Students » Current Students Ensemble Auditions » Ensemble Auditions Band and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for Classes » Registering for Classes Schedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic Resources » Academic Resources Music Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Office of Disability Accommodation Graduation Information Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & Staff » Faculty & Staff Faculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & Friends » Alumni & Friends Alumni & Friends Overview How to Give » How to Give The Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Search form Search College of Music MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas College of Music Main menu Home Academics & EnsemblesOur Mission Academics & Ensembles Overview Divisions and Areas of StudyDivision of Composition Studies Division of Conducting and EnsemblesChoral Studies Early Music Opera Orchestral Studies Wind Studies Division of Instrumental StudiesBrassEuphonium Trombone Trumpet Tuba Percussion StringsHarp Orchestral Strings WoodwindsClarinet Oboe Division of Jazz Studies Division of Keyboard StudiesOrgan Piano Collaborative Piano Division of Music Education Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Division of Vocal Studies Ensembles Centers & Institutes Admissions & AuditionsAdmissions Overview AdmissionsUndergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Applicants Audition Schedule Audition RepertoireUndergraduate Audition Repertoire Graduate Audition Repertoire Admission Deadlines Scholarships Cost of Attendance Admissions Contact Info Degree-Specific Graduate Admissions Requirements Tours for Prospective Students Events & FacilitiesEvents Calendar Events & Facilities Overview Facilities College of Music Roomview Directions and Parking Building Hours Risk Management Services Community ProgramsCommunity Programs Overview Workshops, Camps and Masterclasses Early Childhood Music Program Instrument Petting Zoo String Project Start Up The Band Denton New Horizons Band Hire a Musician Academic AdvisingUndergraduate Advising Prospective and Transfer Student Advising Graduate Advising Current Student Academic Resources Bachelor Degree Plans Undergraduate Music Core Curriculum Undergraduate Semester by Semester Plans Orientation Study Abroad and Exchange FAQ Future StudentsFuture Students Overview Put Your Passion Into Practice Set the Stage for Success Paying for College Find Success With Your Degree Dean's Welcome Message Tours for Prospective Students Current StudentsEnsemble AuditionsBand and Orchestra Percussion Orchestra Strings and Harp Lab Bands Choral Registering for ClassesSchedule of classes Registration calendar Registrar's Office Academic Advising Student Handbooks Recital Program Information Sheet Scholarships, Awards, and TA/TF Applications Career Development Academic ResourcesMusic Library Music Computer Lab and Studio Music Recording Services Student Writing Lab Learning Center Counseling and Testing Services Graduation Information Office of Disability Accommodation Key, Locker and Practice Room Registration Musician Health Resources Recital Program Information Sheet Faculty & StaffFaculty & Staff Directory New Faculty in Fall 2016 Resources for Faculty & Staff Emeritus Faculty Employment Opportunities Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends Overview How to GiveThe Dean’s Camerata Endowments and Scholarships Development Office Contact Information UNT College of Music Alumni Facts Counterpoint Alumni Magazine Alumni & Student Accomplishments Join Our Mailing List Contact Us David Ward Visiting Opera Stage DirectorVisiting Assistant ProfessorDepartment(s)Conducting and Ensembles, OperaContact InformationEmail: David.Ward@unt.eduOffice Location: Murchison Performing Arts CtrOffice #: MPAC 145Phone: 940-565-4654Courses taught, syllabi and curriculum vitae David Ward (opera stage director) is one of America's leading basso buffos, bringing his dazzling patter, his hysterical stage presence and his “shining bass” to productions of comic opera across the country. In over 25 productions of Il barbiere di Siviglia, he has portrayed his critically acclaimed Dr. Bartolo – twice on tour with the New York City Opera National Company, Nevada Opera, Knoxville Opera, Kentucky Opera, Lake George Opera Festival, Des Moines Metro Opera, Intermountain Opera, Bob Jones University, Opera Idaho, Toledo Opera, Virginia Opera, El Paso Opera, Opera Roanoke, Philadelphia's Academy of Vocal Arts and the Aspen Music Festival. His Don Magnifico in La Cenerentola was heard at the Opening Night of the World Expo 2010 in Shanghai, China, as well as Des Moines Metro Opera, Bob Jones University, University of Nebraska in Lincoln and Lyric Opera of San Antonio.  Mr. Ward is also acclaimed for his Donizetti roles: the title role in Don Pasquale at the Lake George Opera Festival, Sulpice in La Fille du Regiment with the New York City Opera National Company, and Dr. Dulcamara in L’Elisir d'amore at Greensboro Opera, Virginia Opera, El Paso Opera, Granite State Opera, Bob Jones University and the Skylight Comic Opera. Opera News wrote of his Dulcamara, “Ward juggled dizzying patter and demanding stage business with aplomb.” Mr. Ward brought his Dulcamara to Hong Kong for China’s Musica Viva in 2011. Mr. Ward made his New York City Opera debut as Dr. Bartolo in Le nozze di Figaro, a role he also has sung for Des Moines Metro Opera, Roanoke Opera, Nevada Opera, Chautauqua Opera, Opera Idaho, Pensacola Opera and Greensboro Opera. Opera News called his Bartolo “expert.” Other Mozart performances include Osmin in The Abduction from the Seraglio for Anchorage Opera, Don Alfonso in Così fan tutte for the Chattanooga Symphony and Opera Northeast, and the Commendatore in Don Giovanni for Lake George Opera Festival. A versatile bass, Mr. Ward appeared with New York Grand Opera to sing the title role in Falstaff and Fra Melitone in La Forza del Destino. At New York Grand Opera’s Puccini Festival, he appeared as Geronte in Manon Lescaut, also heard at Intermountain Opera, and the Sacristan in Tosca. His Sacristan has also been heard at Des Moines Metro Opera, Opera Ontario and Opera Delaware, while his Benoit and Alcindoro in La bohème have been heard at Opera Omaha, New Orleans Opera, Chautauqua Festival, San Antonio Opera, Intermountain Opera and with the Tokyo City Symphony in Japan. Mr. Ward sang the title role in Gianni Schicchi for the Chautauqua Festival. A comic specializing in operetta and Gilbert & Sullivan, his Franke in Die Fledermaus has been heard at Opera New Jersey, Opera Nevada, Opera Grand Rapids and Delaware Opera; his ebullient Baron Zeta in The Merry Widow has been seen at Fresno Grand Opera, Sacramento Opera and Mobile Opera. He appeared as Major General Stanley for Opera New Jersey, Pooh Bah for Indianapolis Opera and Sir Joseph Porter in HMS Pinafore for Lake George Opera Festival and Opera East Texas. He has sung the title role in The Mikado for Anchorage Opera and Mobile Opera, while his Dick Deadeye in HMS Pinafore has been seen at Chattanooga Opera and the New York G&S Players. Other operetta roles include Prince Populescu in Countess Maritza, Van Bett in Lortzing's Zar und Zimmerman, Calchas in Offenbach's La belle Hélène, and Froschin Die Fledermaus. Mr. Ward made his Santa Fe Opera debut in the world premiere of David Lang's Modern Painters. Mr. Ward has also portrayed such roles as Sancho in Don Quichotte (in concert), the Musician Monk in Le Jongleur de Notre Dame, Peter Quince in A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Elder McLean in Susannah. For two seasons Mr. Ward sang Kecal in The Bartered Bride for the New York City Opera Educational Department before thousands of New York City school children. He recently sang the title role in Brundibar for Opera Omaha as part of their educational series on the Holocaust presented to over 10,000 students.  With his roots in musical theatre, Mr. Ward played Judge Turpin in Sweeney Todd for Portland Opera and Arizona Opera. He appeared as Benjamin Franklin in 1776! for Utah Festival Opera. Other musical theatre roles include Pseudolus in A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum, Tevye in Fiddler on the Roof, Charlemagne in Pippin, Hajj, the Poet in Kismet and Horace Vandergelder in Hello Dolly.  Mr. Ward has appeared in concert with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, Amherst Symphony, Acadiana Symphony, Bronx Chamber Orchestra and Westfield Symphony. He has given masterclasses at New Jersey Opera, University of Nebraska in Lincoln, University of Louisiana in Lafayette, Houston Community College and Amherst College.  A native of Allendale, NJ, and a graduate of the College of Wooster, OH, Mr. Ward lived in New York City for 30 years where he studied voice with Armen Boyajian for over 15 years and Richard Gordon. Mr. Ward is a member of Actors' Equity Association and the American Guild of Musical Artists.  Mr. Ward recently served as the Interim Director of the University of Arizona Opera Theater and served as a Visiting Assistant Professor for 2 years.  In Tucson he directed Die Fledermaus, Die Zauberflöte, An Evening of Intermezzi:  La canterina, L’Ivrogne corrigé and Der Schauspieldirektor, and a Menotti double-bill of The Medium and The Old Maid and the Thief at the UA Opera Theater. Mr. Ward recently received his Master of Music in Vocal Performance/Pedagogy and Opera Directing at the University of Houston’s Moores School of Music, under the direction of Buck Ross and Dr. Timothy Jones. While at the Moores School, Mr. Ward appeared in the title role of Falstaff, made his role debut as Baron Ochs in Der Rosenkavalier and directed mainstage productions of Kirke Mechem’s Tartuffe and Le nozze di Figaro. In 2012 he joined the directing staff at Opera in the Ozarks where he’s directed The Pirates of Penzance, Cosi fan tutte, La Cenerentola and two touring productions for young people which he wrote:  The Opera Games, May the Music be Forever in Your Favor and Cinderella.  He also appeared as Madame Armfeldt in A Little Night Music.  In 2013 Mr. Ward directed a critically-acclaimed Falstaff for Houston’s Opera in the Heights while teaching for both the voice and opera departments at the Moores School, he returns to Opera in the Heights to direct La Cenerentola in 2016.  Ward stage directed H.M.S. Pinafore in 2014 for CLOC (College Light Opera Company in Falmouth, MA) and returned in 2015 to direct Hello, Dolly! and The Gondoliers.   Visit Us Music Building 415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2791 music.information@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 