 newcvad art   Welcome One College One Building newcvad art   Welcome One College One Building newcvad art   Welcome One College One Building newcvad art   Welcome One College One Building newcvad art   Welcome One College One Building newcvad art   Welcome One College One Building newcvad art   Welcome One College One Building newcvad art   Welcome One College One Building newcvad art   Welcome One College One Building newcvad art   Welcome One College One Building  Welcome | One College One Building Skip to main content One College One Building Search form Search Search Call us Contact Us UNT Map HomeFAQsIn the NewsUpdatesQuicklinks Back MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect University Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT College of Visual Arts & Design One College One Building Search form Search Search MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Home FAQs In the News Updates MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Search form Search Search Home FAQs In the News Updates One College One Building ONE COLLEGE ONE BUILDING Click here to visit Art & Seek's website - Anne Bothwell interviews Greg Watts, CVAD Dean, about the new art building space! One College One Building: A Story of Transformation We want to help you find passion in your arts and design education. Find out how UNT CVAD is enhancing cross-disciplinary arts and design education with the expansion of our current building. Architect Renderings: Virtual Images See virtual images of the new expansion in relation to the current structure of the Art Building. Updates: Read the Latest from UNTCVAD OAC Meeting: 5/8/2017Tue, May 9th, 2017If you haven’t already gotten the news, there are chairs for you to test and surveys about them to fill out in ART 214A – aka the green room. The power outage that is scheduled for the weekend of... more OAC Meeting: 5/2/2017Wed, May 3rd, 2017Things continue to move along with drilling for piers -- 9 done yesterday -- and here are other updates: The gas is scheduled to be off in the building 9am-1pm today (3 May) for the tie-in needed... more OAC Meeting: 4/25/2017Wed, Apr 26th, 2017Progress is continuing and the expectation is that piers will be complete this week. If you haven't taken a look at the equipment required for drilling these, it is pretty fantastic. Replacement... more OAC Meeting: 4/18/2017Wed, Apr 19th, 2017Every week there are OAC meetings: Owner-Architect-Contractor. From now on we'll be providing brief updates from these meetings so that there are more ways to get more information about the building... more See More... Top Main Menu Home FAQs In the News Updates University Links MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Email & Phone  cvad@unt.edu  artsupport@unt.edu  (940) 565-2855 One College One Building   1201 W. Mulberry St   1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, Texas 76201   Visitor Information Call us Email Us UNT Map Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links 