 art   article opportunities 2017 student asst jobs  cvads it department Student Asst Jobs  CVAD s IT Department Visual Arts Design art   article opportunities 2017 student asst jobs  cvads it department Student Asst Jobs  CVAD s IT Department Visual Arts Design art   article opportunities 2017 student asst jobs  cvads it department Student Asst Jobs  CVAD s IT Department Visual Arts Design art   article opportunities 2017 student asst jobs  cvads it department Student Asst Jobs  CVAD s IT Department Visual Arts Design art   article opportunities 2017 student asst jobs  cvads it department Student Asst Jobs  CVAD s IT Department Visual Arts Design art   article opportunities 2017 student asst jobs  cvads it department Student Asst Jobs  CVAD s IT Department Visual Arts Design art   article opportunities 2017 student asst jobs  cvads it department Student Asst Jobs  CVAD s IT Department Visual Arts Design art   article opportunities 2017 student asst jobs  cvads it department Student Asst Jobs  CVAD s IT Department Visual Arts Design art   article opportunities 2017 student asst jobs  cvads it department Student Asst Jobs  CVAD s IT Department Visual Arts Design art   article opportunities 2017 student asst jobs  cvads it department Student Asst Jobs  CVAD s IT Department Visual Arts Design  Student Asst Jobs: UNT CVAD's IT Department | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Student Asst Jobs: UNT CVAD's IT DepartmentUNT College of Visual Arts & Design's Information Technology Department has openings for the following student assistant positions: Job ID/Title:41651/IT Assistant (HR-1226) Job Location:UNT CVAD IT Dept Job Description:IT Assistant is a desktop support position that works under the supervision of the full-time CVAD IT Team. The position supports computers, printers and other devices in the Student Computer Lab, Classroom Computer Labs, Faculty/Staff offices and other work spaces across campus. Description of duties the position will be required to perform: Install new hardware/software. Perform maintenance or updates on hardware/software. Troubleshoot hardware/software problems reported by our users. Answer questions from users regarding software/hardware/network or University and Departmental policies. Other duties will be assigned as needed. Job ID/Title:141650/CVAD FabLab Assistant Job Location:UNT CVAD IT Dept (FabLab) Job Description:This position supports computers, printers and other devices in the CVAD Digital Fabrication Lab. Other devices include a variety of 3D Printers, Laser Cutters, and a CNC Router and Plasma Cutter. Description of duties the position will be required to perform: Perform maintenance or updates on equipment/hardware/software. Troubleshoot equipment/hardware/software problems. Maintain schedule for the FabLab equipment. Work with users on their projects using the equipment in the Fabrication Lab. Other duties will be assigned as needed. Job ID/Title:141522 / CVAD Computer Lab Monitor Job Location:UNT CVAD IT Department (Computer Lab) Job Description:Assist students in the CVAD computer lab. Job duties will include checking students in and out of lab, refilling paper in printers, assisting students with computer-related questions, troubleshooting large format printers, operation and instruction in the use of 3D printers and other burgeoning technology and maintaining the cleanliness of lab. Additional tasks may be assigned as needed, based on skills and interests. More Info:Visit UNT Eagle Careers website   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 