 art   article opportunities 2017 call voleers kimbell teen night Call for Voleers Kimbell Teen Night Visual Arts Design art   article opportunities 2017 call voleers kimbell teen night Call for Voleers Kimbell Teen Night Visual Arts Design art   article opportunities 2017 call voleers kimbell teen night Call for Voleers Kimbell Teen Night Visual Arts Design art   article opportunities 2017 call voleers kimbell teen night Call for Voleers Kimbell Teen Night Visual Arts Design art   article opportunities 2017 call voleers kimbell teen night Call for Voleers Kimbell Teen Night Visual Arts Design art   article opportunities 2017 call voleers kimbell teen night Call for Voleers Kimbell Teen Night Visual Arts Design art   article opportunities 2017 call voleers kimbell teen night Call for Voleers Kimbell Teen Night Visual Arts Design art   article opportunities 2017 call voleers kimbell teen night Call for Voleers Kimbell Teen Night Visual Arts Design art   article opportunities 2017 call voleers kimbell teen night Call for Voleers Kimbell Teen Night Visual Arts Design art   article opportunities 2017 call voleers kimbell teen night Call for Voleers Kimbell Teen Night Visual Arts Design  Call for Volunteers: Kimbell Teen Night | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Call for Volunteers: Kimbell Teen NightThe Kimbell Art Museum invites you to volunteer for their second annual Kimbell Teen Night! They are seeking local college students with a passion for art, art history, and education to help with this exciting teen-only event. Designed by teens, for teens! Grab your friends and create, compete, share, and show off at the Kimbell's annual Kimbell Teen Night. Oh, and did we mention it's FREE? Everything happens after the Museum closes to the public; this is only for teens! When:Saturday, June 24th from 6–9pm Where:Kimbell Art MuseumPiano Pavilion (more info)3333 Camp Bowie BldvFort Worth, TX 76107-2792 Volunteer Information: Volunteers may be asked to help with a variety of tasks, including assistance with set-up and take-down, helping with art-making or gallery activities, or passing out materials. Volunteers should be comfortable working with high school-aged teenagers. Volunteers arrive no later than 5 PM the evening of Saturday, June 25 and must commit to staying for the duration of the event and clean-up, a total of 5 hours. All volunteers will receive a Kimbell Teen Night volunteer t-shirt for their participation in the event. More Info:If interested, please complete this form and send to arogers@kimbellmuseum.org (Community Engagement Coordinator) no later than Tuesday, June 13.Visit https://www.kimbellart.org   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 