 art   accomplishments students Student accomplishments Visual Arts Design art   accomplishments students Student accomplishments Visual Arts Design art   accomplishments students Student accomplishments Visual Arts Design art   accomplishments students Student accomplishments Visual Arts Design art   accomplishments students Student accomplishments Visual Arts Design art   accomplishments students Student accomplishments Visual Arts Design art   accomplishments students Student accomplishments Visual Arts Design art   accomplishments students Student accomplishments Visual Arts Design art   accomplishments students Student accomplishments Visual Arts Design art   accomplishments students Student accomplishments Visual Arts Design  Student accomplishments | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Student accomplishmentsArt Education and Art History Art Education Art Education and Art History Art Education We congratulate art education doctoral student Emily Jean Hood on her recent article, "Creative Matter: New Materialism in Art Education Research, Teaching, and Learning," which appears in the March 2017 issue of Art Education. This article, co-authored with Dr. Amelia M. Kraehe, breaks new ground. Hood and Kraehe explore materiality and the power of things as a framework for understanding and pursuing art education practice as a form of research. Art Education and Art History Art Education Art Education doctoral students Sarah Travis and Emily Jean Hood recently published the co-authored article "Troubling Sociocultural Narrative Pedagogy: Implications for Art Educators" in the peer-reviewed journal Studies in Art Education. Art Education and Art History Art Education Art Education graduate students Sarah Travis (left) and David Herman (middle) presented their research at the 2016 American Educational Research Association annual meeting in Washington, DC. Their papers were collaborations with Dr. Amelia Kraehe, Assistant Professor of Art Education (right). Art Education and Art History Art Education Kevin Jenkins, Ph.D. student in Art Education in the College of Visual Arts + Design, received an inaugural Golden Eagle Award on April 18, 2016. The Golden Eagle Award is the most prestigious university-wide award that UNT bestows on a student leader. Recipients of the award are recognized for their exceptional leadership, high academic achievement, meaningful impact on the UNT community through significant commitment to co-curricular involvement, and positive and considerable engagement in service to UNT and greater communities. Art Education and Art History Art Education Art education doctoral student Sarah Travis and art education professor Dr. Amelia Kraehe published a co-authored paper in 2016 in The Urban Review titled Equity, the Arts, and Urban Education. Art Education and Art History Art Education Art education doctoral students, Emily Jean Hood and Sarah Travis, co-authored a study with Dr. Amelia Kraehe, Assistant Professor of Art Education. The research article, titled "I'm So Offended!": Curriculum Flashpoints and Critical Arts Education, was published in 2015 in the peer-reviewed International Journal of Education and the Arts. Art Education and Art History Art Education David Herman, Jr., UNT Art Education Ph. D student, featured as part of the Dallas Museum of Art's Center for Creative Connections Visiting Artists program. David is a conceptual artist, educator, and co-founder of Preservation LINK, an arts education non-profit. He is currently a Ph.D. Visual Culture Studies student at the University of North Texas and Artist-in-Residence at the Dallas Museum of Art. Art Education and Art History Art Education Art Education Ph.D. student, Lucy Bartholomee, won the 2015 Graduate Student Scholarly Writing Award with a paper she wrote in Dr. Paula Lupkin's Architecture seminar in conjunction with her work with Dr. Tyson Lewis' Phenomenology class, titled "Collapsing Boundaries." Art Education and Art History Art Education Congratulations to Art Education PhD candidate Jeremy Blair. Currently Visiting Assistant Professor of Art Education at University of Georgia, he discusses his research “Grand Theft AutoEthnography: Video Game Design for the Art Classroom” in the current issue of NAEA News, Volume 57, No. 2 (April 2015): 18. Art Education and Art History Art Education Congratulations go out to Art Education PhD student Sarah Travis on the publication of her review of Hilton Kelly's Race, Remembering, and Jim Crow’s Teachers in Oral History Review. Her review is featured in volume 4, issue 2, Summer/Fall 2014 of the journal. The review can be accessed via http://ohr.oxfordjournals.org/content/41/2/395.full.pdf?keytype=ref&ijkey=cKeLbOAAmkRXRpR. Nicely done, Sarah! Art Education and Art History Art Education Congratulations to Art Education PhD student Banan Al-Ansari on the recent publication of her article “On Crits” with Professor Terry Barrett, which was published in the journal Visual Arts Research. Art Education and Art History Art Education Art Education PhD student Tim Garth is the recipient of a 2014-2015 National Arts Education Foundation Research Grant in the amount of $10,000 to support his dissertation work on Art Education Policy: Interpretation and the Negotiation of Praxis. Art History Art Education and Art History Art History Annalisa Giannotti was selected as one of fifteen students to participate in the 2016 Mellon Summer Academy at the MFAH in Houston. The Mellon Summer Academy consists of behind-the-scenes art museum tours, workshops with art museum professionals, tours of exhibitions with MFAH curators, conversations with artists, art historians, and collectors. Art Education and Art History Art History Art history student Jungwan Kim took second place in the Arts & Humanities category of the Scholars Day writing competition. Jungwan's paper, "The Image of Mexico in Letters from Mexico: Hegemonic Relations between the US and Mexico in the Late Nineteenth Century," features research completed during her art history senior research seminar. CVAD is pleased to announce that Jungwan has decided to pursue her Master's degree in art history here in the fall. Art Education and Art History Art History Rachel Hiser, MA student in Art History, has had her paper, "Leading the Eye: Space as A Didactic and Spiritual Tool in the Twelfth-Century Church of San Clemente, Rome," accepted for the Newberry Center for Renaissance Studies 2016 graduate student conference. Her paper will be part of the panel "Cosmography, Space, Place," on Thurs, Jan 28, 1:30-3:00pm. Art Education and Art History Art History The Board of Trustees of the Center for the Advancement & Study of Early Texas Art (CASETA) selected Linda East, Art History MA student, to receive the 2015-16 $1500 CASETA Research Award. Her master's thesis based proposal focuses on Texas architect O'Neil Ford & Texas artist Thomas M. Stell, Jr. and the work they completed for Texas Instruments. Her thesis is titled, "Semiconductors and Symbolism: Thomas Stell's Ceramic Murals and the Story of Texas Instruments." Linda was also awarded complimentary registration to the 2016 Symposium & a 1yr complimentary CASETA membership. Art Education and Art History Art History Medieval Art History M.A. students Jena Jones, Sarah Shivers, & Rachel Hiser were accepted to the Newberry Center for Renaissance Studies Fall Research Methods Workshop for Early-Career Graduate Students. The workshop, titled “Introduction to Medieval Studies at the Newberry” was held on Nov 7th in Chicago at the Newberry Library. Art Education and Art History Art History Art History and Honors College student Hannah Wilson (on the right) along with Honors students Blithe Parsons and Erica Cole presented at the Texas Medieval Association annual conference, which took place on the campus of UNT. Art Education and Art History Art History Dr. Paula Lupkin’s graduate seminar students engaging in archival work during a visit to the TWU Archives. The students researched on subjects such as Quakertown, campus architecture and landscape, and women's clubs. Interdisciplinary Art and Design Studies Art Education and Art History Interdisciplinary Art and Design Studies Jenna Gammon is a creative digital intern for the The Loomis Agency in downtown Dallas. She works on advertising campaigns for companies such as Rug Doctor, Papa John's Pizza, Metro Mattress and many others. Design Fashion Design Design Fashion Design Carina Ortega received 3rd place in the Bridal/Eveningwear category for the 2016 Fashion Group International of Dallas Scholarship Competition. This is her design on the runway at Dallas Market Center. Design Fashion Design Victoria Lin received 2nd place in the Bridal/Eveningwear category for the 2016 Fashion Group International of Dallas Scholarship Competition. This is her design on the runway at Dallas Market Center. Design Fashion Design Design Fashion Design Design Fashion Design Design Fashion Design Core Design Design Core Design Opaque Line by Haley Justitz. Spring 2016 Design I Design Core Design Incidental Line by Samuel Regas. Spring 2016 Design I Design Core Design World Poetry group project overseen by instructor Marcy Bishop. Fall 2015 Design I Design Core Design World Poetry Group Project overseen by instructor Marcy Bishop. Fall 2015 Design I Design Core Design Poetry Collage by Daniel Cervantes. Fall 2015 Design I Design Core Design Poetry Collage by Christine Smith. Fall 2015 Design I Design Core Design Balsa Project by Kirsten Angerbauer. Fall 2015 Design II Design Core Design Balsa Project by Tara Maddin. Fall 2015 Design II Design Core Design Balsa Project by Meredith Rice. Fall 2015 Design II Design Core Design Incidental Line by Olivia Flores. Spring 2016 Design I Design Core Design Pop-Up by Stephanie Holloway. Fall 2015 Design II Design Core Design Pop-Up by Monica Ambrose. Fall 2015 Design II Design Core Design Pop-Up by Karla Bernal. Fall 2015 Design II Design Core Design Upcycle for Change Messenger Bag by Austin James. Fall 2015 Design II Design Core Design Upcycle for Change Bag by Kirsten Angerbauer. Fall 2015 Design II Design Core Design Upcycle Sewing Project by Geovanna Cuevas. Fall 2015 Design II Design Core Design Incidental Line by Michaela Biar Spring 2016 Design I Design Core Design Incidental Line by Kaitlyn Black Spring 2016 Design I Communication Design Design Communication Design Lisa will graduate in December 2015 with an MFA in Design Research. She is the founder of Operation Compass, a non-profit dedicated to helping victims of human trafficking find their way home. Her application is for truck drivers to report incidents of human trafficking anonymously, safely and securely by using a form or making an audio recording through the app. Design Communication Design Shelby Tamura received the Best Ad and the Best Concept prizes for her Carfax ads at the DSVC Nation Student Show and Conference 10. Alex Egner was her professor. Design Communication Design Michelle Ruiz received the Best App Design prize for her Glucocare App at the DSVC Nation Student Show and Conference 10. Clinton Carlson was her professor. Design Communication Design Mallory Close received the Best Brochure prize for her Dallas Theatre Center Brochure at the DSVC Nation Student Show and Conference 10. Karen Dorff was her professor. Design Communication Design CVAD Communication Design juniors Johnathan Wenske and Kris Haro had no idea when they designed their project, “When Nuture Calls” for Mark Allen’s class that the project would soon go viral on the internet. The class project called for students to design a campaign for a social issue or product.  Taking on the apparently highly controversial topic of public breastfeeding,  the project, was shown at the DVCC student award competition and was picked up by major news outlets and publications. Design Communication Design CVAD Communication Design juniors Johnathan Wenske and Kris Haro had no idea when they designed their project, “When Nuture Calls” for Mark Allen’s class that the project would soon go viral on the internet. The class project called for students to design a campaign for a social issue or product.  Taking on the apparently highly controversial topic of public breastfeeding,  the project, was shown at the DVCC student award competition and was picked up by major news outlets and publications. Design Communication Design CVAD Communication Design juniors Johnathan Wenske and Kris Haro had no idea when they designed their project, “When Nuture Calls” for Mark Allen’s class that the project would soon go viral on the internet. The class project called for students to design a campaign for a social issue or product.  Taking on the apparently highly controversial topic of public breastfeeding,  the project, was shown at the DVCC student award competition and was picked up by major news outlets and publications. Design Communication Design Geena Sisomphou received a Judge’s Choice Award from Judge Ben Barry for her Cheeky Monkey Identity, Collateral System and Brand Book at the DSVC Nation Student Show and Conference 10. Karen Dorff was her professor. Design Communication Design Garret Steider received the Best Print Ad Public Service: Pro Bono prize for his Bangladesh Garment Factory Awareness Campaign at the DSVC Nation Student Show and Conference 10. Karen Dorff was his professor. Design Communication Design Garret Steider received the Best Annual Report prize for his Boston Beer AR at the DSVC Nation Student Show and Conference 10. Karen Dorff was his professor. Design Communication Design Carolina Bocanegra received the Best Packaging prize and a Judge’s Choice Award from judge Angela Mondragon for her Pyxis packaging at the DSVC Nation Student Show and Conference 10. Karen Dorff was her professor. Design Communication Design Becky Ben Lin won second place for her senior portfolio at the DSVC Nation Student Show and Conference 10.  This is an excerpt. Design Communication Design Becky Ben Lin received the Best Illustration prize for her Penzeys Spices labels at the DSVC Nation Student Show and Conference 10. Karen Dorff was her professor. Design Communication Design Becky Ben Lin received the Best Illustration prize for her Penzeys Spices labels at the DSVC Nation Student Show and Conference 10. Karen Dorff was her professor. Design Communication Design Becky Ben Lin received the Best Packaging prize for her Stylite Edison Lightbulbs at the DSVC Nation Student Show and Conference 10. She was also awarded a Judges Choice Award from Garrett Owen for this work. Karen Dorff was her professor. Interior Design Design Interior Design Video here.The Border Crossings Project consisted of an international outreach where the UNT sophomore interior design team communicated with universities from all over the world (Dundee, Ljubljana, and Amsterdam). They created a sculpture with the other countries using a website created for correspondence and video chat sessions. The sculpture revolved around the concept of interconnectivity. Their last contribution was a reactionary video to the sculpture they created with the other countries, receiving inspiration from Eyes of the Skin by Juhani Pallasmaa. The Texas team wanted to convey the importance of tactile sense and auditory skills, and incorporated different languages to show how cultures can come together to create meaningful artwork. They used fire to demonstrate how evanescent visual products can be, hoping to convey how impressionable an emotional response can be. Design Interior Design Cumberland Presbyterian Children's Home - Denton, TX Design Interior Design Locust Coffee House - proposed site: Denton, TX Design Interior Design Baker Hotel - Mineral Wells, TX Design Interior Design Mixed-Use/Residential - Montgomery Plaza, Ft Worth, TX Design Interior Design Victoria Station - Denton, TX Studio Art Printmaking Studio Art Printmaking Jessie Barnes (MFA 2017) won the Frogman's Printmaking Workshop Graduate Student Scholarship. Jessie competed with graduate students from across the US. As the scholarship recipient Jessie's tuition for the the Frogman's 2016 Print Workshop is waived. Additionally, during the workshops she will have a solo exhibition at the Hexagon Gallery of the Weber Fine Arts Building at the University of Nebraska Omaha. Studio Art Printmaking Sarah Ellis (MFA 2018) nominated to serve as Student Representative on 2015–16 Executive Board of Southern Graphics Council International (SGCI). Read about it in SGCI's latest newsletter, Graphic Impressions! Sarah received her BFA in Printmaking from The University of Akron in 2014. She is currently an MFA Candidate in Printmaking at the University of North Texas. Through a variety of print media and book arts, her work explores the dynamics between domestic craft, gender roles, and the continuity of human behavior. During her first year of graduate school, she has had the pleasure of working as the Graduate Assistant at P.R.I.N.T Press as well as a Teaching Assistant in Drawing. She currently lives in Denton, Texas, with her fiancé and their corgi. Studio Art Printmaking Francisco Alvarado - Screenprint, 2014 Studio Art Printmaking Leigh Garcia - Screenprint, 2014 Studio Art Printmaking Jaime Durham - Sceenprint, 2014 Studio Art Printmaking Maria Razo - Lithograph, 2014 New Media Art Studio Art New Media Art Julie Libersat, winner of the Contemporary Art Dealers of Dallas 2014 “CADD FUNd: Winner Takes All” event. Julie presented ROAM, a proposal for a mobile phone interactive urban exploration game. Players use the mobile app to get lost in the city and then document their journey as a form of narrative mapping using photo, video, audio and written capture. The project will be a creative tool that uses disorientation as a part of the artistic process prompting aesthetic engagement and challenging ideas of spatial cognition and orientation. Libersat’s work depicts space as a way of knowing and embodying the city though pedagogical notions of play. Studio Art New Media Art Studio Art New Media Art Studio Art New Media Art Core Drawing Studio Art Core Drawing Virginia Stephens - Section 504, Instructor: Hetty Estes, Teaching FellowDrapery Project Studio Art Core Drawing Nancy Le - Section 503, Instructor: Rachel Black, Senior LecturerDrapery Project Studio Art Core Drawing Kimberly Gray - Section 509, Instructor: Marcy Bishop, Graduate Teaching AssistantDrapery Project Studio Art Core Drawing Evaughn Coleman - Section 507, Instructor: Melody Vaughan, Graduate Teaching AssistantDrapery Project Studio Art Core Drawing Chloe Solis - Section 506, Instructor: Alex Epps, Graduate Teaching AssistantDrapery Project Studio Art Core Drawing Alex Clem - Section 510, Instructor: Kai Martin, Graduate Teaching AssistantDrapery Project Studio Art Core Drawing Jessica Wetli - Section 503, Instructor: Rachel Black, Senior LecturerConte Project Studio Art Core Drawing Jamison Routson - Section 506, Instructor: Alex Epps, Graduate Teaching AssistantConte Project Studio Art Core Drawing Alex Clem - Section 510, Instructor: Kai Martin, Graduate Teaching AssistantConte Project Studio Art Core Drawing Songyi Han - Double Self Portrait 2 Studio Art Core Drawing Songyi Han - Double Self Portrait 1 Studio Art Core Drawing Scott Pollock - FInal Idea Book Project Studio Art Core Drawing Sarah Westrup - Final Idea Book Project Studio Art Core Drawing Rebecca  Peache - Architectural Still Life Studio Art Core Drawing Paul Samples - Double Self Portrait, Pt2 Studio Art Core Drawing Paul Samples - Double Self Portrait, Pt1 Studio Art Core Drawing Oluyinka Adeyoju - Double Self Portrait, Pt2 Studio Art Core Drawing Oluyinka Adeyoju - Double Self Portrait, Pt1 Studio Art Core Drawing Michael Gary - Double Self Portrait, Pt2 Studio Art Core Drawing Michael Gary - Double Self Portrait, Pt1 Studio Art Core Drawing Megan Barnes - Poetics of Space Studio Art Core Drawing Maricela Diggs - Idea Book Project 2 Studio Art Core Drawing Maricela Diggs - Idea Book Project 1 Studio Art Core Drawing Justine Lu - Double Self Portrait, Pt2 Studio Art Core Drawing Justine Lu - Double Self Portrait, Pt1 Studio Art Core Drawing Tori Kennedy - Perspective Studio Art Core Drawing Taylour Hargus - Shape Studio Art Core Drawing Taylor Pawnell - Contour Studio Art Core Drawing Sierra Landureth - Motif Studio Art Core Drawing Sam Wiggins - Organizational Line Studio Art Core Drawing Nicholas Begley - Value Studio Art Core Drawing Natalie McElrea - Sketchbook Studio Art Core Drawing Natalie McElrea - Motif Studio Art Core Drawing Natalie McElrea - Elm Fork Studio Art Core Drawing Michael Krause - Motif Studio Art Core Drawing Melody Schier - Atmospheric Perspective Studio Art Core Drawing Melissa Bradley - Motif Studio Art Core Drawing Mandy Harwell - Elm Fork Studio Art Core Drawing Madison Wood - Shape Studio Art Core Drawing Lynne Nguyen - Atmospheric Perspective Studio Art Core Drawing Lauren McCormick - Contour Studio Art Core Drawing Kyra Modawell - Value Studio Art Core Drawing Kitty Jong - Motif Studio Art Core Drawing Katherine diMambro - Motif Studio Art Core Drawing Josie Martin - Drapery Studio Art Core Drawing Jewel Lee - Drapery Studio Art Core Drawing Jeffery Wolverton - Drapery Studio Art Core Drawing Jeanie Brown - Atmospheric Perspective Studio Art Core Drawing Jared Galyon - Perspective Studio Art Core Drawing Hwang - Organizational Line Studio Art Core Drawing Heidi Neunhoffer - Elm Fork Studio Art Core Drawing Greg Amato - Perspective Studio Art Core Drawing Esther Streich - Motif Studio Art Core Drawing Elizabeth Villere - Gesture Studio Art Core Drawing Dorothy Rios - Gesture Studio Art Core Drawing Danielle Clark - Perspective Studio Art Core Drawing Breck Warren - Value Studio Art Core Drawing Anthony Le - Contour Studio Art Core Drawing Annie Wang - Contour Studio Art Core Drawing Amy Dierdorf - Sketchbook Studio Art Core Drawing Aliza Mote-YaleValue Photography Studio Art Photography UNT Graduate Student Rachel Rushing taught a workshop at Texas Tech University. Studio Art Photography UNT Photography MFA student Ben Davis had a solo show at the Cora Stafford Gallery. Studio Art Photography UNT Photography MFA student Lynne' Bowman was selected for an exhibition at The People's Gallery in Austin, Texas. Studio Art Photography UNT Photography student Mariah Tyler was selected to participate in the 2014 Rising Eyes of Texas exhibition. Studio Art Photography UNT Photography major Caitlin Odneal gave a demonstration of her creative practice at the Dallas Museum of Art. Studio Art Photography UNT Photography MFA student Ellie Ivanova received a 2014 SPE Student Award.  Sculpture Studio Art Sculpture Studio Art Sculpture Metals and Jewelry Studio Art Metals and Jewelry Studio Art Metals and Jewelry Ceramics Studio Art Ceramics Studio Art Ceramics   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 