 art   accomplishments alumni Alumni accomplishments Visual Arts Design art   accomplishments alumni Alumni accomplishments Visual Arts Design art   accomplishments alumni Alumni accomplishments Visual Arts Design art   accomplishments alumni Alumni accomplishments Visual Arts Design art   accomplishments alumni Alumni accomplishments Visual Arts Design art   accomplishments alumni Alumni accomplishments Visual Arts Design art   accomplishments alumni Alumni accomplishments Visual Arts Design art   accomplishments alumni Alumni accomplishments Visual Arts Design art   accomplishments alumni Alumni accomplishments Visual Arts Design art   accomplishments alumni Alumni accomplishments Visual Arts Design  Alumni accomplishments | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Alumni accomplishments Studio Art Studio Art New Media Art UNT New Media Art Alumni Morehshin Allahyari​ was named one of the 2016 Global Thinkers by Foreign Policy Magazine.[photo credit: Gary Payne, University of North Texas] Studio Art Photography Robby Toles graduated with a BFA with a concentration in photography in May 2016. He was awarded an internship at the Gallery of Photography in Dublin - Ireland's national gallery for photography. Studio Art Printmaking Congratulations to alumnus Cat Snapp (MFA 2012), whose article Commitment & Abundance: Interview with Lynda Sherman and Myrna Keliher is published in the current issue of The MAPC Journal. Studio Art Drawing and Painting Artwork titled “Sportsmanship is for Suckers” by Houston contemporary artist Howard Sherman (UNT - MFA Drawing & Painting, 2006) featured on cover of Texas Abstract: Modern + Contemporary, released on Dec 1, 2014 by Fresco Books. Studio Art Photography Mariah Tyler (BFA Photography) was selected for the prestigious Stevan A. Baron Work Scholar Program in the Editorial Department at the Aperture Foundation in NYC. Studio Art Photography UNT Photography BFA / Art History BA Alumni Liss LaFleur' was awarded a CAA 2014 Professional-Development Fellowship. Studio Art Photography UNT Photography / Art History alumni Jonathan A. Molina-Garcia is an 2014 Jack Kent Cooke recipient. Studio Art Photography Erika Edwards, UNT Photography alumni, taught a workshop at the Dallas Museum of Art's Center for Creative Connections. Studio Art Photography UNT Photography MFA alumni Irby Pace recently became an Assistant Professor of Photography at Troy University. Studio Art Photography Jungeun Lee (MFA Photography, 2010) received the prestigious award for the 2014 International Artist-In-Residence program at Artpace in San Antonio. [Photo credit information: Originally commissioned and produced by Artpace San Antonio, Photo by Mark Menjivar] Art Education and Art History Art Education and Art History Art History Linda East is the new Lectures and Concerts Assistant at the Museum of Fine Arts in Houston. She will be helping to plan and implement lectures that accompany exhibits, films, and other special events through the Learning and Interpretation Department. Art Education and Art History Art Education Nicole Newland is an account manager at Learning Machine, a company that focuses on building cloud-based software for education providers, employers, and students to succeed within the information economy. Their signature product, Slideroom, is used by some of the most prestigious universities in the country. She's in charge of the frontline team that supports customers and users during application and product implementation. Art Education and Art History Art History Lauren LaRocca (MA, Art History 2009) is the Coordinator of Special Programs with The O’Donnell Institute. She oversees collaborations between the Dallas Museum of Art and the O’Donnell Institute. She coordinates scholars’ access to collections, arranges class visits, plans the logistics of jointly-sponsored programs, and oversees both day-to-day operations and special events at the research center. Art Education and Art History Art History Art History graduate (MA, Fall 2015) Tania Kolarik’s article, “Vision of the Afterlife: The Heavenly Jerusalem of Santa Maria Maggiore,” has now been published in ATHANOR XXXIV, the journal of Florida State University, Department of Art History. Art Education and Art History Art Education Holly York is an Associate Museum Educator in Public Programs at Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art in Bentonville, Arkansas. Holly coordinates Youth and Family Programs that include classes for preschoolers to pre-teens, the teen council, family workshops, family days, and summer camps. She enjoys the variety that her job offers whether it's reading to children in the gallery or helping a zoo unload animals for a family day! Art Education and Art History Art Education Allison Rogers is the Community Engagement Coordinator at the Kimbell Art Museum. Her mission at the Kimbell is to develop inclusive educational programming that welcomes and honors the contributions of people of all abilities. She considers it a joy and a challenge every day to help people feel valued and find value in the Kimbell. Art Education and Art History Art Education Andrew Palamara is the Assistant Director for Docent Learning at the Cincinnati Art Museum. He supervises a group of 120 volunteer docents that have been a fixture of the CAM for over half a century. He also organizes and leads the docents' training sessions by assessing their tour performance and providing them with resources. Andrew graduated from UNT in 2014 with a Master's in Art Education and the Art Museum Education Certification. Art Education and Art History Interior Design Congratulations to Danielle Naylor (MA Art Education, Art Museum Education Certificate) on her upcoming position as the Administrative and Programs Assistant at the Greater Denton Arts Council! She will provide support for the Executive Director, staff, board of directors, and GDAC educational efforts. She will assist with programming coordination and special events, and in recruiting, training, and scheduling of volunteers/interns. Art Education and Art History Art Education Lynda Wilbur enjoys providing meaningful gallery and art-making experiences for students and adults at the Nasher Sculpture Center in Dallas. As Manager of Tour Programs, she coordinates school tours, teaching resources, and works with a team of educators to engage visitors with innovative tours and workshops. Program launches this year include Skype distance learning school tours and "Scope out Sculpture" on Periscope. Art Education and Art History Art History Annette Becker (Art History MA, 2015) was formerly the Assistant to the Director of the Spencer Art Museum at the University of Kansas. In September 2016, she returned to Denton and UNT to serve as Assistant Director of the Texas Fashion Collection. Art Education and Art History Art Education Congratulations to Ph.D Art Education (2012) alumna Dr. Cindy Hasio on the publication of her article “Teaching Art a Greener Path: Integrating Sustainability Concepts of Interior Design Curriculum into the Art Education Curriculum” in the November 2014 issue of Art Education. The publication was co-authored by Valdosta State University Professor Tommy Crane. Art Education and Art History Art History Bevin Butler, Art History BA and MA alumna, presented at the Texas Medieval Association annual conference, which took place on the campus of UNT. She is pictured here with current Art History MA student LauraLee Brott. Art Education and Art History Art Education Congratulations to Art Education PhD alumna Maria Leake on the publication of her article "Social Engagements With Contemporary Art: Connecting Theory with Practice" in the September 2014 issue of Art Education.This special issue of Art Education, The Journal of the National Art Education Association, focuses on Theory & Practice in Art Education. Nicely done, Dr. Leake! Art Education and Art History Art Education Art Education PhD alumna Cala Coats (2014), now Assistant Professor at Stephen F. Austin State University, published her article "Tracing Suburban Desire" in the journal Visual Arts Research. Art Education and Art History Art History Congratulations to Art History MA (2014) alumna Shana Thompson on the publication of her paper “Land, Water, Woman: Place, Identity and Coudrette’sMélusine in Late Medieval Poitou” in Newberry Essays in Medieval and Early Modern Studies. The publication was based upon her MA Research Project with Dr. Mickey Abel. Art Education and Art History Art History Art History BA (2010) and MA (2012) alumna Bevin Butler presenting her paper "Mutilated Martyrs: Torture, Misogyny, and "Becoming Male" in an Antepedium of Virgin Martyrs" at the 2014 International Congress on Medieval Studies at Kalamazoo. Design Design Communication Design Design Communication Design Design Communication Design Design Communication Design Design Communication Design Design Communication Design Design Communication Design Design Communication Design   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 