s art   node 77014 IADS Open Track Visual Arts Designs art   node 77014 IADS Open Track Visual Arts Designs art   node 77014 IADS Open Track Visual Arts Designs art   node 77014 IADS Open Track Visual Arts Designs art   node 77014 IADS Open Track Visual Arts Designs art   node 77014 IADS Open Track Visual Arts Designs art   node 77014 IADS Open Track Visual Arts Designs art   node 77014 IADS Open Track Visual Arts Designs art   node 77014 IADS Open Track Visual Arts Designs art   node 77014 IADS Open Track Visual Arts Design  IADS: Open Track | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies IADS: Open Track IADS: Arts Management Track IADS: Design Management Track Scholarships & Fellowships Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD IADS: Open TrackThe B.A. in Interdisciplinary Art and Design Studies (IADS): Open Track is the most flexible and allows students the most freedom in charting their paths through the major. This track is particularly useful for students wishing to concentrate in advertising, photojournalism, merchandising, another aspect of art or design, or a visually-oriented business. Here are some examples: Students who intend to pursue a career in art law may pair the IADS Open Track with a minor in political science. Someone interested in art therapy may pair IADS Open Track with a psychology minor. For a career in the fashion world, put the IADS Open Track together with a minor in fashion merchandising. To work in the world of graphic design, major in IADS Open Track and minor in Strategic Communications (Advertising). The IADS: Open Track program consists of 120 semester credit hours. All students complete the College of Visual Arts and Design Core program, acquiring general skills in art, design and art history. Students then select from a menu of introductory courses in specific studio art and design disciplines to gain more specific knowledge of 2 of these fields. During the next stage of the degree, students take courses inside and outside the College of Visual Arts and Design. Within the college, they take a class in computer art, another in art and business, and, close to the end of their time at UNT, a research capstone class. Outside CVAD, students select from an array of classes that address images and visual communication from different perspectives. They also complete a broad selection of advanced Art History courses to gain a deeper understanding of the history of images from around the globe and the analytical tools used to study them. As part of the 120-hour program, students complete a minor outside of the College of Visual Arts and Design. The minor is intended to complement the major degree program and offer a different perspective on the use of art and design. Students are strongly advised to choose a minor that furthers their career goals. To declare the IADS: Open Track major, complete the degree plan application and turn it in, with your unofficial transcripts from the registrar’s office, to Dr. Donahue-Wallace in Art 224. Suggested Undergraduate Curriculum for Interdisciplinary Art and Design Studies Application for IADS Degree Plan / Degree Audit: Open Track Design accomplishments Becky Ben Lin Becky Ben Lin received the Best Illustration prize for her Penzeys Spices labels at the DSVC Nation Student Show and Conference 10. Karen Dorff was her professor. Design Communication Design Becky Ben Lin received the Best Illustration prize for her Penzeys Spices labels at the DSVC Nation Student Show and Conference 10. Karen Dorff was her professor. All student accomplishments » Alumni accomplishments Duane King Design Communication Design Design Communication Design All alumni accomplishments »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 