s art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies iads arts management track IADS Arts Management Track Visual Arts Designs art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies iads arts management track IADS Arts Management Track Visual Arts Designs art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies iads arts management track IADS Arts Management Track Visual Arts Designs art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies iads arts management track IADS Arts Management Track Visual Arts Designs art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies iads arts management track IADS Arts Management Track Visual Arts Designs art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies iads arts management track IADS Arts Management Track Visual Arts Designs art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies iads arts management track IADS Arts Management Track Visual Arts Designs art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies iads arts management track IADS Arts Management Track Visual Arts Designs art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies iads arts management track IADS Arts Management Track Visual Arts Designs art   art history art cation interdisciplinary art design studies iads arts management track IADS Arts Management Track Visual Arts Design  IADS: Arts Management Track | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies IADS: Open Track IADS: Arts Management Track IADS: Design Management Track Scholarships & Fellowships Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD IADS: Arts Management TrackThe B.A. in Interdisciplinary Art and Design Studies (IADS): Arts Management Track is designed for students wishing to pursue a career in galleries, museums, auction houses, community arts centers, or other similar organizations. The IADS: Arts Management Track pairs courses in art, design, art business, and art history with a minor in either Management or Leadership of Community or Non-Profit Organizations. This array of classes provides students with a solid grounding in both the art and the management side of arts businesses and organizations. The IADS: Arts Management Track consists of 120 semester credit hours. All students complete the College of Visual Arts and Design Core program, acquiring general skills in art, design and art history. Students then select from a menu of introductory courses in specific studio art and design disciplines to gain more specific knowledge of 2 of these fields. During the next stage of the degree, students take courses inside and outside the College of Visual Arts and Design. Within the college, they take a class in computer art, another in art and business, modern and contemporary art history courses, and, close to the end of their time at UNT, a research capstone class. Outside CVAD, students complete minor coursework in Management or Leadership of Community or Non-Profit Organizations emphasizing organizations and their management. Students are strongly encouraged to complete an internship during their programs of study. To declare the IADS: Arts Track major, complete the degree plan application and turn it in, with your unofficial transcripts from the registrar’s office, to Dr. Donahue-Wallace in Art 224. Suggested Undergraduate Curriculum for Interdisciplinary Art and Design Studies: Arts Management Track Application for IADS Degree Plan / Degree Audit: Arts Management Track Student accomplishments Center for Creative Connections features David Herman, UNT Art Education Ph.D student David Herman, Jr., UNT Art Education Ph. D student, featured as part of the Dallas Museum of Art's Center for Creative Connections Visiting Artists program. David is a conceptual artist, educator, and co-founder of Preservation LINK, an arts education non-profit. He is currently a Ph.D. Visual Culture Studies student at the University of North Texas and Artist-in-Residence at the Dallas Museum of Art. Art Education and Art History Art Education David Herman, Jr., UNT Art Education Ph. D student, featured as part of the Dallas Museum of Art's Center for Creative Connections Visiting Artists program. David is a conceptual artist, educator, and co-founder of Preservation LINK, an arts education non-profit. He is currently a Ph.D. Visual Culture Studies student at the University of North Texas and Artist-in-Residence at the Dallas Museum of Art. All student accomplishments » Alumni accomplishments Lauren LaRocca at O'Donnell Institute, DMA Lauren LaRocca (MA, Art History 2009) is the Coordinator of Special Programs with The O’Donnell Institute. She oversees collaborations between the Dallas Museum of Art and the O’Donnell Institute. She coordinates scholars’ access to collections, arranges class visits, plans the logistics of jointly-sponsored programs, and oversees both day-to-day operations and special events at the research center. Art Education and Art History Art History Lauren LaRocca (MA, Art History 2009) is the Coordinator of Special Programs with The O’Donnell Institute. She oversees collaborations between the Dallas Museum of Art and the O’Donnell Institute. She coordinates scholars’ access to collections, arranges class visits, plans the logistics of jointly-sponsored programs, and oversees both day-to-day operations and special events at the research center. All alumni accomplishments »   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 