 art   people eric ligon Eric Ligon Visual Arts Design art   people eric ligon Eric Ligon Visual Arts Design art   people eric ligon Eric Ligon Visual Arts Design art   people eric ligon Eric Ligon Visual Arts Design art   people eric ligon Eric Ligon Visual Arts Design art   people eric ligon Eric Ligon Visual Arts Design art   people eric ligon Eric Ligon Visual Arts Design art   people eric ligon Eric Ligon Visual Arts Design art   people eric ligon Eric Ligon Visual Arts Design art   people eric ligon Eric Ligon Visual Arts Design  Eric Ligon | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Eric LigonAssociate Dean of Administrative AffairsProfessor Job Overview: Eric Ligon has been a member of the faculty Communication Design program in the college of Visual Arts and Design for 23 years. He is currently serving as Associate Dean of Administrative Affairs.Contact InformationE-mail: Eric.Ligon@unt.eduOffice: ART 107Phone: 940-565-4001 Areas of Expertise: Typography, publication design and brand development.Bio: Eric Ligon has been a member of the faculty Communication Design program in the college of Visual Arts and Design for 23 years. He is currently serving as the Associate Dean of Administrative Affairs. Prior, he served as the program coordinator for the communication design program for 8 years. (He especially loves teaching the typography courses.) In 2012, Ligon was honored as a Distinguished University Professor at UNT. He was president and co-founder of BrailleInk., a non-profit organization that produced dual-use, braille and print children’s books that encourage sighted and blind individuals to share reading time. His design work on this format was been featured in People Magazine, the Lions Club International Magazine and a variety of local and national newspapers, radio and television news programs. Additionally, with his colleague Keith Owens, he has completed the redesign of the brand identities for the City of Anna Texas, UNT, UNT Dallas, UNT Health Science Center, UNT Law School, and the UNT System. Professor Ligon earned his MFA in Communication Design from the University of North Texas in 1997, and his BFA in Communication Design from Pratt Institute in 1984.   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 