 journalism   featured alumni dallas morning news The Dallas Morning News School of Journalism journalism   featured alumni dallas morning news The Dallas Morning News School of Journalism journalism   featured alumni dallas morning news The Dallas Morning News School of Journalism journalism   featured alumni dallas morning news The Dallas Morning News School of Journalism journalism   featured alumni dallas morning news The Dallas Morning News School of Journalism journalism   featured alumni dallas morning news The Dallas Morning News School of Journalism journalism   featured alumni dallas morning news The Dallas Morning News School of Journalism journalism   featured alumni dallas morning news The Dallas Morning News School of Journalism journalism   featured alumni dallas morning news The Dallas Morning News School of Journalism journalism   featured alumni dallas morning news The Dallas Morning News School of Journalism  The Dallas Morning News | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students Undergraduate Graduate Student Media People Alumni About Us Take a tour Apply to Mayborn Support Mayborn The Dallas Morning NewsAlumniMany journalism students dream of working for a paper like The Dallas Morning News, but to have a fighting chance, you need to be prepared for anything. A Mayborn education makes sure you are. Joy Tipping, Staff Writer and Copy Editor for The Dallas Morning News, was originally offered a job at the national desk. More of a lifestyles person, she initially turned the job down. But within 10 minutes, she realized her mistake. “I was smart, I went to North Texas, and I could figure it out,” she says. That’s what this school prepares you for. “When I came here, I came from [another school] and thought I was hot stuff,” she recalls. “But when I got here, I realized – oh, everyone here is the best in their class. This prepared me well for The Dallas Morning News. Everybody here is the smartest person at the paper they left to come here.” Her courageous move to take the national desk job paid off in the end—she eventually made her way into lifestyles. “I felt completely confident going into my jobs because North Texas gave me that confidence,” she says. Roy Appleton, a Staff Writer at The Dallas Morning News, is a Denton native. Appleton started at DMN as an editor and eventually moved into reporting. “It’s a great job,” he says. “I’ve told others—it’s amazing. You get paid to meet people, talk to people, learn and write. How fantastic is that?” Very fantastic. And the Mayborn helped get him there. “A good education helps you think critically and engages your curiosity,” he says. Scott Parks, a Special Writer and Metro News Writer for The Dallas Morning News, credits the Mayborn for his job today. “My journalism education at UNT is what enabled me to get a paying job,” he says. “You were assigned a beat and wrote stories for the NT Daily every day. It was actually working for a newspaper.” Parks became editor of the NT Daily editorial page during his time at UNT. “It has the aspect of a trade school – it’s focused on really teaching you how to be a reporter and editor.” And for future journalists, what’s better than that? But when I got [to the Mayborn], I realized—oh, everyone here is the best in their class. This prepared me well for The Dallas Morning News. –Joy Tipping Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 