 journalism   people dorothy bland dean Dorothy Bland School of Journalism journalism   people dorothy bland dean Dorothy Bland School of Journalism journalism   people dorothy bland dean Dorothy Bland School of Journalism journalism   people dorothy bland dean Dorothy Bland School of Journalism journalism   people dorothy bland dean Dorothy Bland School of Journalism journalism   people dorothy bland dean Dorothy Bland School of Journalism journalism   people dorothy bland dean Dorothy Bland School of Journalism journalism   people dorothy bland dean Dorothy Bland School of Journalism journalism   people dorothy bland dean Dorothy Bland School of Journalism journalism   people dorothy bland dean Dorothy Bland School of Journalism  Dorothy Bland | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students Undergraduate Graduate Student Media People Alumni About Us Directory Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Dorothy BlandDean & Graduate Institute DirectorOffice: GAB 203CEmail: Dorothy.bland@unt.eduPhone: 940-565-4917Faculty Profile System: Courses taught, syllabi and curriculum vitaeDorothy M. Bland is the dean of the Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism at the University of North Texas. She joined the faculty in 2013, and brings to the school more than 25 years of media experience including being a reporter, editor, media/marketing consultant and publisher. Degrees: Master of Business Administration, George Washington University Bachelor of Journalism, Arkansas State University Experience: Prior to becoming the dean, she served for five years as the journalism division director at Florida A&M University and as a journalism professor. She has managed multi-million dollar companies and online startups. From 1983-1990, she served in a variety of news roles at USA Today. Prior to joining Gannett in 1980, she worked for daily newspapers in Arkansas and Tennessee. She has won numerous reporting/writing awards and served as a mentor to hundreds of journalists and students over the years. In addition to her bachelor’s and master’s degrees, she is a McCormick Fellow and a graduate of the Media Management Center's Advanced Executive Program at Northwestern University. She also is an alumna of the Scripps Howard Academic Leadership Academy at Louisiana State University. She has completed additional graduate work in mass communication at Florida State University. She has a passion for people, journalism and making a positive difference. Her research interests include media management, marketing, digital/social media and diversity. Awards and Honors: Bland has earned three Gannett president's rings for excellence as a publisher. Her work has been published in a variety of publications ranging from USA Today to “The International Journal of the Image.” She has served on a variety of industry boards including the Newspaper Association of America Foundation and the Colorado Press Association. She has also served on accrediting teams for the Accrediting Council for Education in Journalism and Mass Communication. Bland is featured in the book "The Edge of Change: Women in the 21st Century Press,” and she has made presentations at institutions ranging from The Poynter Institute to Kuwait University. Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 