 journalism   people james mueller phd James Mueller Ph D School of Journalism journalism   people james mueller phd James Mueller Ph D School of Journalism journalism   people james mueller phd James Mueller Ph D School of Journalism journalism   people james mueller phd James Mueller Ph D School of Journalism journalism   people james mueller phd James Mueller Ph D School of Journalism journalism   people james mueller phd James Mueller Ph D School of Journalism journalism   people james mueller phd James Mueller Ph D School of Journalism journalism   people james mueller phd James Mueller Ph D School of Journalism journalism   people james mueller phd James Mueller Ph D School of Journalism journalism   people james mueller phd James Mueller Ph D School of Journalism  James Mueller, Ph.D. | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students Undergraduate Graduate Student Media People Alumni About Us Directory Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors James Mueller, Ph.D.Interim Journalism Director and ProfessorOffice: SYC 202AEmail: jmueller@unt.eduPhone: 940-565-2278Faculty Profile System: Courses taught, syllabi and curriculum vitaeJames E. Mueller is a professor of journalism at the University of North Texas. He joined the journalism faculty in 2000. Mueller is the author of three books on the press: Shooting Arrows and Slinging Mud: Custer, the Press, and the Little Bighorn, Tag Teaming the Press and Towel Snapping the Press. Degrees: Doctor of Journalism, University of Texas Master of Journalism, University of Missouri-Columbia Bachelor of Arts in journalism, University of Missouri-Columbia Experience: He worked as a reporter, editor and photographer for about 10 years for newspapers in suburban St. Louis, Missouri, before entering academia. Mueller has taught more than a half dozen different media courses including reporting, media history and public relations. He also taught for a semester at Eduardo Mondlane University in Maputo, Mozambique, as part of a unique graduate program offered by the North Texas Journalism Department. In addition to his books, Mueller has written scholarly articles for a variety of publications including Mass Comm Review, the Journal of Media Economics and Grassroots Editor. He has contributed an article to The Media in America, a popular journalism history textbook, and has written a chapter for Media Management Review and Custer and His Times, Vol. 4. and Vol. 5. Awards and Honors: Shooting Arrows and Slinging Mud: Custer, the Press, and the Little Bighorn was named a finalist in 2014 for best nonfiction book by the High Plains Bookfest in Billings, Montana, and by the Western Writers of America. Mueller received the Award of Excellence at the 2008 Symposium on the 19th Century Press, the Civil War, and Free Expression for his paper on the 1876 presidential election. Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 