 journalism   people junebug clark Junebug Clark School of Journalism journalism   people junebug clark Junebug Clark School of Journalism journalism   people junebug clark Junebug Clark School of Journalism journalism   people junebug clark Junebug Clark School of Journalism journalism   people junebug clark Junebug Clark School of Journalism journalism   people junebug clark Junebug Clark School of Journalism journalism   people junebug clark Junebug Clark School of Journalism journalism   people junebug clark Junebug Clark School of Journalism journalism   people junebug clark Junebug Clark School of Journalism journalism   people junebug clark Junebug Clark School of Journalism  Junebug Clark | School of Journalism Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Future Students » Future Students Hands-on experience Experienced Faculty Degree Programs Paying for College Find Success with Your Degree Admissions Undergraduate » Undergraduate Concentrations » Concentrations Advertising Broadcast & Digital Journalism Digital & Print Journalism Photo Journalism Public Relations Teacher Certification Sports Journalism Certificate Minor Orientation Advising Scholarships Internships Graduate » Graduate Concentrations » Concentrations Master of Arts in Journalism & Master of Journalism Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Graduate Certificate in Narrative Journalism Graduate Certificate in Interactive & Virtual Digital Communication Graduate Certificate in Public Relations Admissions Advising Internships Graduate Assistantships Scholarships Master’s Exam Thesis Information Student Media » Student Media SWOOP Hatch Visuals Ten Spurs People » People Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Alumni » Alumni Alumni Profiles Events Alumni Organizations Support Mayborn About Us » About Us About Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Support Mayborn Awards and Accomplishments Studios and Labs Board of Advisors Mayborn Alumni Mentor Network Accreditation and Accountability Annual Report Careers Contact Us Search form Search School of Journalism MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism Main menu Home Future Students Undergraduate Graduate Student Media People Alumni About Us Directory Dean's Office Graduate Institute Photojournalism Print/Digital Broadcast Public Relations Advertising Technology & Operations Advising Office North Texas Daily Board of Advisors Junebug ClarkIndependent Contractor and ConsultantOffice: GAB 110BEmail: Junebug.Clark@unt.eduPhone: 316-393-7180Faculty Profile System: Courses taught, syllabi and curriculum vitaeTrained as a photojournalist, Junebug shoots “Pictures That Tell A Story,” specializing in “Real People doing Real Things,” for use in advertising, corporate publications and magazines. This means he must travel to where the people and the story are happening. Junebug’s been averaging assignments in about 30 states yearly since 1971. For over thirty years, Junebug has been shooting for the likes of Jack Daniel’s Distillery, Federal Mogul Corporation, Eli Lilley and Company, Budweiser, Time, Life, Newsweek, and National Geographic. Art Director Clancey Strock says, “Junebug is a unique character. He moves into a situation with all those cameras and lights… and then he turns invisible. His people go right back into being themselves. It’s incredible.” “My biggest reward comes when the people in the photographs like their picture. It’s their story and I try hardest to please them.” As Junebug puts it, “Working with real people means capturing what you feel about them. You have to take the time to understand each person’s situation; live it with them. “More simply… If you shoot a stranger, you get strange pictures. “I’ve always felt that, when it comes to making your best pictures, what’s most important is who and what is in front of the camera’s lens.” Visit Us General Academic Building Room 102 Mail Us Frank W. and Sue Mayborn Mayborn School of Journalism University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311460 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Package Delivery (UPS, FedEx): Mayborn School of Journalism - GAB 102 Mayborn Graduate Institute of Journalism – GAB 207 University of North Texas 225 Avenue B (at Mulberry) Denton, TX 76201 Contact Us 940-565-2205 journalism@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 