 honors   admissions applynow How To Apply Honors College honors   admissions applynow How To Apply Honors College honors   admissions applynow How To Apply Honors College honors   admissions applynow How To Apply Honors College honors   admissions applynow How To Apply Honors College honors   admissions applynow How To Apply Honors College honors   admissions applynow How To Apply Honors College honors   admissions applynow How To Apply Honors College honors   admissions applynow How To Apply Honors College honors   admissions applynow How To Apply Honors College  How To Apply | Honors College Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions Eligibility Apply Now Tours Academics » Academics Course Schedules Earning Honors Credits Advising Honors College Distinctions Honors College Handbook Scholarships Student Life » Student Life Honors College Community Engagement Form Honors College Programming Council » Honors College Programming Council Programming Council Members 2016-17 Housing Honor Societies at UNT Research » Research UNT Undergraduate Research Fellowship McNair Scholars University Scholars Day Eagle Feather Honors Research Poster Print Request McNair Scholars » McNair Scholars Program Information » Program Information 2015 - 2016 Faculty Mentors Advisory Board 2017 McNair Conference » 2017 McNair Conference General Information » General Information Conference Program Updates & Announcements Daily Schedule Speakers & Panels Graduate Recruitment Fair Local Transportation Explore UNT & Denton Contact Us Current Scholars » Current Scholars Forms Staff Contact McNair Terry Scholars Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Spotlights Support the Honors College Contact Us Search form Search Honors College MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Honors College Menu Home AdmissionsEligibility Apply Now Tours AcademicsCourse Schedules Earning Honors Credits Advising Honors College Distinctions Honors College Handbook Scholarships Student LifeHonors College Community Engagement Form Honors College Programming CouncilProgramming Council Members 2016-17 Housing Honor Societies at UNT ResearchUNT Undergraduate Research Fellowship McNair Scholars University Scholars Day Eagle Feather Honors Research Poster Print Request McNair ScholarsProgram Information2015 - 2016 Faculty Mentors Advisory Board 2017 McNair ConferenceGeneral Information Conference Program Updates & Announcements Daily Schedule Speakers & Panels Graduate Recruitment Fair Local Transportation Explore UNT & Denton Contact Us Current ScholarsForms Staff Contact McNair Terry Scholars AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Spotlights Support the Honors College Contact Us How To Apply The Honors College welcomes applications from new freshmen, transfer, and continuing UNT students. In order to receive consideration for the Honors College, you must first be admitted to UNT. Once you have been assigned your UNT Student ID number and your UNT email, you then will have the opportunity to apply for the Honors College. Requirements for Freshman, Transfer, and Continuing Student applicants: A completed online application. (Please do not send extraneous documents, i.e., resumes, awards; they will not be reviewed.) Confirmation of acceptance to UNT. Our office will request from the UNT Admissions Office a previously submitted copy of your high school transcript, along with transcripts for all college work completed. Please note: delays in sending transcripts to UNT will delay the Honors College application process. Apply Now Important: The Honors College accepts applications continuously. It takes approximately three to four weeks to process completed applications and respond to the applicant through their UNT email. Please contact Rene Martinez, Honors College Admissions Coordinator, at Rene.Martinez@unt.edu, for additional information. Honors College members can also be Terry Scholars and McNair Scholars! The prestigious Terry Scholarship helps future leaders of Texas achieve their academic goals. These competitive scholarships cover most educational costs for freshmen and transfer students so you can focus on your educational and personal success and graduate debt-free. Please visit terryscholars.unt.edu for more information. UNT's McNair Scholars Program provides faculty mentored undergraduate research experiences along with preparation to apply to and be admitted into graduate school for doctoral studies. Funding by the Department of Education and UNT provides stipends, travel funds, and other support to enhance Scholars research experience. Please visit honors.unt.edu/mcnair-scholars for more information. *Applying for Honors College membership, The Terry Scholarship, and the McNair Scholars Program are separate processes. **What is the Clery Act and how do I view the annual reports about campus safety? Visit Us Sage Hall Room 229 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Honors College 1155 Union Circle #310529 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-3305 HonorsCollege@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 