 honors   academics honors awards Honors College Awards Honors College honors   academics honors awards Honors College Awards Honors College honors   academics honors awards Honors College Awards Honors College honors   academics honors awards Honors College Awards Honors College honors   academics honors awards Honors College Awards Honors College honors   academics honors awards Honors College Awards Honors College honors   academics honors awards Honors College Awards Honors College honors   academics honors awards Honors College Awards Honors College honors   academics honors awards Honors College Awards Honors College honors   academics honors awards Honors College Awards Honors College  Honors College Awards | Honors College Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions Eligibility Apply Now Tours Academics » Academics Course Schedules Earning Honors Credits Advising Honors College Distinctions Honors College Handbook Scholarships Student Life » Student Life Honors College Community Engagement Form Honors College Programming Council » Honors College Programming Council Programming Council Members 2016-17 Housing Honor Societies at UNT Research » Research UNT Undergraduate Research Fellowship McNair Scholars University Scholars Day Eagle Feather Honors Research Poster Print Request McNair Scholars » McNair Scholars Program Information » Program Information 2015 - 2016 Faculty Mentors Advisory Board 2017 McNair Conference » 2017 McNair Conference General Information » General Information Conference Program Updates & Announcements Daily Schedule Speakers & Panels Graduate Recruitment Fair Local Transportation Explore UNT & Denton Contact Us Current Scholars » Current Scholars Forms Staff Contact McNair Terry Scholars Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Spotlights Support the Honors College Contact Us Search form Search Honors College MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Honors College Menu Home AdmissionsEligibility Apply Now Tours AcademicsCourse Schedules Earning Honors Credits Advising Honors College Distinctions Honors College Handbook Scholarships Student LifeHonors College Community Engagement Form Honors College Programming CouncilProgramming Council Members 2016-17 Housing Honor Societies at UNT ResearchUNT Undergraduate Research Fellowship McNair Scholars University Scholars Day Eagle Feather Honors Research Poster Print Request McNair ScholarsProgram Information2015 - 2016 Faculty Mentors Advisory Board 2017 McNair ConferenceGeneral Information Conference Program Updates & Announcements Daily Schedule Speakers & Panels Graduate Recruitment Fair Local Transportation Explore UNT & Denton Contact Us Current ScholarsForms Staff Contact McNair Terry Scholars AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Spotlights Support the Honors College Contact Us Honors College Awards Honors College Awards (For Catalogs prior to 2016-2017) The Honors College Scholar Award The Honors College Scholar Award requires completion of at least 18 honors credits, and the student must also maintain a cumulative and Honors GPA of at least 3.0. No more than two honors contracts may be counted toward the Honors College Scholar Award. Six hours of Honors study abroad credit may be counted toward this award. Students who complete the Honors College Scholar Award receive the Honors College medallion and have the accomplishment noted on their UNT transcript. The Distinguished Honors College Scholar Award The highest recognition available to students through the Honors College is the Distinguished Honors College Scholar Award. For this award, the student must earn at least 18 honors credits, 3 of which must be an honors thesis or an approved honors thesis replacement, and must have a cumulative GPA of at least 3.5. Please note that the Honors thesis course (HNRS 4951 or the departmental equivalent) may be taken only once for three credits toward the Distinguished Honors College Scholar Award. No more than two honors contracts may be counted toward the Distinguished Honors College Scholar Award. Six hours of Honors study abroad credit may be counted toward this award. Students who complete the Distinguished Honors College Scholar Award receive the Honors College medallion and have the accomplishment noted on their UNT transcript. Honors College Awards (Effective Fall 2016) The Honors College Scholar Award The Honors College Scholar Award requires completion of at least 18 honors credits and the student must also maintain a cumulative and Honors GPA of at least 3.25. No more than two honors contracts may be counted toward the Honors College Scholar Award. Six hours of Honors study abroad credit may be counted toward this award. Students who complete the Honors College Scholar Award receive the Honors College medallion and have the accomplishment noted on their UNT transcript. The Honors College Engagement Award The Honors College Engagement Award requires completion of at least 18 honors credits and the student must also maintain a cumulative and Honors GPA of at least 3.25. No more than two honors contracts may be counted toward the Honors College Engagement Award. Six hours of Honors study abroad credit may be counted toward this award. Students must also accumulate 100 hours of Honors campus engagement activities via events in the Honors residence halls and/or Honors College programming. Students may earn the Honors College Engagement Award in conjunction with other Honors awards, and they will receive the Honors College medallion and have the accomplishment noted on their UNT transcript. Advanced Honors College Scholar Award (Transfer students only) The Advanced Honors College Scholar Award requires completion of 12 honors credits, including two Honors courses, HNRS 3500 Thesis Proposal, and an Honors thesis 4951.  The student must maintain a cumulative and Honors GPA of at least 3.5, and no more than one honors contract may be counted toward the Advanced Honors College Scholar Award. Six hours of Honors study abroad credit may be counted toward this award. Students who complete the Advanced Honors College Scholar Award receive the Honors College medallion and have the accomplishment noted on their UNT transcript. The Distinguished Honors College Scholar Award The highest recognition available to students through the Honors College is the Distinguished Honors College Scholar Award. For this award, the student must complete at least 15 honors credits, HNRS 3500 Thesis Proposal, and Honors thesis 4951 (21 hours total), with a cumulative GPA of at least 3.5. Please note that the Honors thesis course (HNRS 4951 or the departmental equivalent) may be taken only once for three credits toward the Distinguished Honors College Scholar Award. No more than two honors contracts may be counted toward the Distinguished Honors College Scholar Award. Six hours of Honors study abroad credit may be counted toward this award. Students who complete the Distinguished Honors College Scholar Award receive the Honors College medallion and have the accomplishment noted on their UNT transcript. If you have any questions regarding the Honors College Awards, or what Catalog year you fall under please contact Sean Ryan at sean.ryan@unt.edu. Visit Us Sage Hall Room 229 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Honors College 1155 Union Circle #310529 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-3305 HonorsCollege@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 