 honors   scholarships Scholarships Honors College honors   scholarships Scholarships Honors College honors   scholarships Scholarships Honors College honors   scholarships Scholarships Honors College honors   scholarships Scholarships Honors College honors   scholarships Scholarships Honors College honors   scholarships Scholarships Honors College honors   scholarships Scholarships Honors College honors   scholarships Scholarships Honors College honors   scholarships Scholarships Honors College  Scholarships | Honors College Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions Eligibility Apply Now Tours Academics » Academics Course Schedules Earning Honors Credits Advising Honors College Distinctions Honors College Handbook Scholarships Student Life » Student Life Honors College Community Engagement Form Honors College Programming Council » Honors College Programming Council Programming Council Members 2016-17 Housing Honor Societies at UNT Research » Research UNT Undergraduate Research Fellowship McNair Scholars University Scholars Day Eagle Feather Honors Research Poster Print Request McNair Scholars » McNair Scholars Program Information » Program Information 2015 - 2016 Faculty Mentors Advisory Board 2017 McNair Conference » 2017 McNair Conference General Information » General Information Conference Program Updates & Announcements Daily Schedule Speakers & Panels Graduate Recruitment Fair Local Transportation Explore UNT & Denton Contact Us Current Scholars » Current Scholars Forms Staff Contact McNair Terry Scholars Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Spotlights Support the Honors College Contact Us Search form Search Honors College MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Honors College Menu Home AdmissionsEligibility Apply Now Tours AcademicsCourse Schedules Earning Honors Credits Advising Honors College Distinctions Honors College Handbook Scholarships Student LifeHonors College Community Engagement Form Honors College Programming CouncilProgramming Council Members 2016-17 Housing Honor Societies at UNT ResearchUNT Undergraduate Research Fellowship McNair Scholars University Scholars Day Eagle Feather Honors Research Poster Print Request McNair ScholarsProgram Information2015 - 2016 Faculty Mentors Advisory Board 2017 McNair ConferenceGeneral Information Conference Program Updates & Announcements Daily Schedule Speakers & Panels Graduate Recruitment Fair Local Transportation Explore UNT & Denton Contact Us Current ScholarsForms Staff Contact McNair Terry Scholars AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Spotlights Support the Honors College Contact Us Scholarships To be eligible for an Honors College Scholarship students must complete BOTH the UNT General Scholarship Application AND the Honors College Scholarship Application by the March 1st 2017 deadline. UNT General Scholarship Application Honors College Scholarship Application All Honors College Scholarships require that awarded students meet the minimum entrance and continuing academic performance standards of the UNT Honors College with regards to GPA and participation in Honors coursework. Students must maintain full-time enrollment unless they have fewer than twice the number of semester hours required to be full-time remaining in their degree program. TAMS to Eagles Scholarship Students who enroll in the Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science (TAMS) curriculum and graduate from TAMS are eligible to apply for this award.  The TAMS to Eagles Scholarship covers up to $20,000 of college expenses per year up to three years or until the student receives a baccalaureate degree, whichever comes first.  To be eligible for the TAMS to Eagles scholarship, TAMS graduates must hold a 3.35 GPA, with all credits earned at UNT.  Students can declare their intention to attend UNT during their second year at TAMS by completing and submitting a Letter of Intent, although the letter is nonbinding.  These awards are made possible through monies designated by UNT’s Office of Undergraduate Admissions and Enrollment.  Students must maintain full-time enrollment as well as a 3.35 GPA to maintain the scholarship. The Pat Conroy Honors Scholarship Named for author Pat Conroy, continuing Honors College students are eligible to apply for this scholarship. Awards will be based on the student’s overall academic performance, as well as their participation in the Honors College. Students must meet the minimum entrance and continuing academic performance standards of the UNT Honors College with regards to GPA and participation in Honors coursework. The C.J. Davidson Honors Scholarship Made possible through a grant from the Davidson Family Charitable Foundation, all Honors College students are eligible to apply for this scholarship . Awards will be based on the students overall academic performance, as well as their participation in the Honors College. Entering freshman who wish to apply must have a minimum SAT score of 1200 or ACT score of 27, and be in the top 10% of their HS graduating class. Continuing freshman must have a 3.25 cumulative GPA and 6 hours of Honors coursework completed by the spring semester in which they are applying for the award. Sophomore students must have a 3.25 cumulative GPA and 12 hours of Honors coursework completed. Junior and Senior students must have a 3.25 cumulative GPA and 18 hours of Honors coursework completed. The James and Ruby Leliaert Honors Scholarship Made possible by the generous efforts of Ms. Deborah Leliaert in honor of her parents, all continuing Honors College students are eligible to apply for this scholarship. Awards will be based on the students overall academic performance, as well as their participation in the Honors College. Students must meet the minimum entrance and continuing academic performance standards of the UNT Honors College with regards to GPA and participation in Honors coursework. The Larry McMurtry Honors Scholarship Named for author Larry McMurtry, continuing Honors College students are eligible for apply for this scholarship. Awards will be based on the students overall academic performance, as well as their participation in the Honors College. Students must meet the minimum entrance and continuing academic performance standards of the UNT Honors College with regards to GPA and participation in Honors coursework. The Leslie H. Palmer Memorial Honors Scholarship Named in memorial for Dr. Leslie H. Palmer, a former distinguished faculty member in English at the University of North Texas, continuing Honors College students majoring in English are eligible to apply for this scholarship. Awards will be based on the students overall academic performance, as well as their participation in the Honors College. Students must meet the minimum entrance and continuing academic performance standards of the UNT Honors College with regards to GPA and participation in Honors coursework. The Walter and Mary Prichard Honors Scholarship Made possible through the generousity of Dr. William and Nancy Kamman, continuing Honors College students who are completing a degree within the College of Arts and Sciences are eligible to apply for this scholarship. Awards will be based on the students overall academic performance, as well as their participation in the Honors College. Students must meet the minimum entrance and continuing academic performance standards of the UNT Honors College with regards to GPA and participation in Honors coursework. Honors College Transfer Scholarship Newly admitted Honors Transfer Students are eligible to apply for this award. Transfer students must have at least a 3.5 GPA and a minimum of 15 hours of transfer coursework. Awards will be based on the student’s overall academic performance from their transfer institution. Students must meet the minimum entrance and continuing academic performance standards of the UNT Honors College with regards to GPA and participation in Honors coursework. Students must maintain full-time enrollment unless they have fewer than twice the number of semester hours required to be full-time remaining in their degree program. This award is for one academic year. While the Honors College makes the effort to provide an additional year of funding to award recipients, it cannot be guaranteed as newly admitted transfer students will be given priority for funds. Undergraduate Research Fellowships These awards—open to all students, across all disciplines--seek to enhance academic excellence via the expansion of mentor-based undergraduate research. Such research will occur in a host of settings and contexts under individual faculty mentorship. Students who become Undergraduate Research Fellows will then take part in the spring-semester Scholars Day, at which they will contribute poster presentations, papers, or brief performing-arts productions. Participation in Scholars Day and continuing at UNT as students for two semesters beyond the semester of application are among the conditions for receipt of the $500 award. UNT Meritorious Scholarship for National Merit Finalists The University of North Texas offers full scholarships to National Merit Finalists who meet certain qualifications. Holders of these National Meritorious Scholarships are members of the Honors College, and must maintain active membership in the college. However, you must still submit an application to the Honors College to achieve membership. For more information, please visit the website for the Office of Student Financial Aid and Scholarships at http://financialaid.unt.edu/scholarships/university-funded-scholarships/unt-meritorious-scholarship-national-merit-finalists. Visit Us Sage Hall Room 229 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Honors College 1155 Union Circle #310529 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-3305 HonorsCollege@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 