 honors   student life programming council members Programming Council Members 2016 17 Honors College honors   student life programming council members Programming Council Members 2016 17 Honors College honors   student life programming council members Programming Council Members 2016 17 Honors College honors   student life programming council members Programming Council Members 2016 17 Honors College honors   student life programming council members Programming Council Members 2016 17 Honors College honors   student life programming council members Programming Council Members 2016 17 Honors College honors   student life programming council members Programming Council Members 2016 17 Honors College honors   student life programming council members Programming Council Members 2016 17 Honors College honors   student life programming council members Programming Council Members 2016 17 Honors College honors   student life programming council members Programming Council Members 2016 17 Honors College  Programming Council Members 2016-17 | Honors College Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions Eligibility Apply Now Tours Academics » Academics Course Schedules Earning Honors Credits Advising Honors College Distinctions Honors College Handbook Scholarships Student Life » Student Life Honors College Community Engagement Form Honors College Programming Council » Honors College Programming Council Programming Council Members 2016-17 Housing Honor Societies at UNT Research » Research UNT Undergraduate Research Fellowship McNair Scholars University Scholars Day Eagle Feather Honors Research Poster Print Request McNair Scholars » McNair Scholars Program Information » Program Information 2015 - 2016 Faculty Mentors Advisory Board 2017 McNair Conference » 2017 McNair Conference General Information » General Information Conference Program Updates & Announcements Daily Schedule Speakers & Panels Graduate Recruitment Fair Local Transportation Explore UNT & Denton Contact Us Current Scholars » Current Scholars Forms Staff Contact McNair Terry Scholars Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Spotlights Support the Honors College Contact Us Search form Search Honors College MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Honors College Menu Home AdmissionsEligibility Apply Now Tours AcademicsCourse Schedules Earning Honors Credits Advising Honors College Distinctions Honors College Handbook Scholarships Student LifeHonors College Community Engagement Form Honors College Programming CouncilProgramming Council Members 2016-17 Housing Honor Societies at UNT ResearchUNT Undergraduate Research Fellowship McNair Scholars University Scholars Day Eagle Feather Honors Research Poster Print Request McNair ScholarsProgram Information2015 - 2016 Faculty Mentors Advisory Board 2017 McNair ConferenceGeneral Information Conference Program Updates & Announcements Daily Schedule Speakers & Panels Graduate Recruitment Fair Local Transportation Explore UNT & Denton Contact Us Current ScholarsForms Staff Contact McNair Terry Scholars AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Spotlights Support the Honors College Contact Us Programming Council Members 2016-17 Emory Barnes Hello my name is Emory Barnes and I am currently a junior majoring in Biology. I initially was pursuing a research route with my major, but then decided I was meant more for the healthcare/medical industry. I am originally from the Round Rock area and was very involved in athletics during high school. I’ve been playing volleyball for about 10 years now and have come points away from qualifying to play in the Junior Olympics. I thoroughly enjoy UNT and all of the great opportunities and people it has come with. Upon graduating from UNT, I plan to attend podiatry medical school. What I do with my free time...I love spending my free time trying out new restaurants and places to grab tea around the Denton area with friends. We also tend to gravitate towards anywhere live music may be playing. My Favorite Honors Class is...So far my favorite Honors class was “Ethics in Science” with Adam Briggle. Adam was perhaps the best professor for the course and I loved coming to class to discuss ethical dilemmas in society. Out of all the people in the world I would like to meet...it would probably be Bill Nye or Neil Tyson. I geek out to everything they do and look up to them for both science and comedic reasons. My favorite place to eat on campus is...Anytime the weather is nice, I like to eat at one of the benches outside the union… preferably enjoying some sushi. Maggie Beard Hi everyone! My name is Maggie Beard, and I am a freshman here at UNT. I am a Biology major with a focus in Pre-Med. I am also a Terry Scholar and a member of the Honors College Programming Council. A little bit about me: I am from Whitehouse, TX, where I went to high school and graduated with my Pharmacy Technician license. I have played softball since I was three years old (that’s 15 years by the way), and I still love it to his day. I am also a huge animal lover! Currently, I have 8 dogs and one cat at my dad’s house, two dogs at my mom’s house, and also 3 dogs, two horses, one duck, and an unknown number of cats and donkeys at my grandparent’s farm. A few of my hobbies include reading, drawing, singing, playing sports, and binge watching Netflix for hours at a time. I also love to travel, and I hope to continue going to different places around the world—starting with the study abroad trip that I am planning! When I graduate from UNT, I hope to get into a good medical school and graduate with my MD/PhD. After that, I am planning to start a career as an orthopedic surgeon. Being a physician is my dream job, because I love the thought of being able to help people in their time of need. Overall, I am an easy-going person, but I am also very outgoing. I can’t wait to meet new people and make new friends as I continue my journey here at UNT! What I do with my free time...I love reading, crafting, playing sports, spending time with friends, and catching up on sleep in my free time. My favorite Honors College class is...Biology 1711 with Dr. Benjamin. Out of all the people in the world, I would like to meet...Emma Watson, because her role as Hermione inspired me when I was young and she seems like a wonderfully interesting person. My favorite place to eat on campus is...the Union, because there are so many options; you can get something different each time you go! Becca Boyle Rebecca Boyle is a sophomore in the UNT College of Business pursuing a degree in finance. After graduating, she hopes to use her degree to fulfill her dream of owning a combination apple orchard/pumpkin patch/Christmas tree farm in northern Wisconsin or becoming a hermit in the mountains of Colorado serenading moose with her euphonium. When not in class or working at the Student Money Management Center, you can probably find her doing something too nerdy to admit to in a biography that’s going on the internet. What I do with my free time... Read and explore Denton. My favorite honors college class is... Honors Classical Argument Out of all the people in the world, I would like to meet... Oscar Wilde. Unless it has to be someone alive, then John McAfee My favorite place to eat on campus is... Chic-fil-a Bryan Burton I love people, the earth, and self expression. I plan on going to medical school and eventually pursuing a career in medicine. I am an Eco Rep at UNT for Rawlins and Clark Hall. As an Eco Rep, I host events and educate residents about sustainability and the environment. I am also a member of a coeducational service fraternity called Alpha Phi Omega, and UNT Serves. Both of these service based organizations provide me with opportunities to give back to Denton and learn more about this community that I am now a part of. I really appreciate nature and like to try my best at growing plants in my room. My favorite animals are frogs, dogs, and dolphins. I live to laugh with friends, paint, and be outside. What I do with my free time...I typically spend my free time going outside with friends, reading books, and writing letters. My favorite Honors College Class is…My favorite class is Honors Biology with Dr. Benjamin. His unique humor and massive intellect keep engaged and inspire me to challenge myself. Out of all the people in the world, I would like to meet…I wish I could meet Claude Monet because his artwork has brought me happiness and wonder. My favorite place to eat on campus is...My favorite place to eat on campus is Mean Greens cafeteria. Their food is always so good! I don’t know how they do it. Erin Connolly My name is Erin Connolly, and I’m a chemistry major. I’m from Royse City, Texas, but I was born in Lakewood, Colorado and moved to Texas when I was in eighth grade. I was never sure what I wanted to do after high school until my junior year when I took AP chemistry. Now I want to study chemistry and earn a certificate in forensics science. My other favorite subject is math. I was in the band in high school, playing the clarinet and being in color guard. I have also played soccer since I was five, but had to stop after I moved to Texas. I have two older siblings, one of whom is married with two little girls. I also have two German shepherds who like to annoy me with tennis balls, but I don’t mind playing with them. What I do with my free time...I like to watch Netflix and hang with my friends in my free time. I just like to relax in my free time since when I’m not free, I’m working my brain out. My favorite Honors College class is...General Chemistry for Honors College students. It is mostly because this is the only Honors College class that I have taken so far at UNT. Out of all the people in the world, I would like to meet...Rick Riordan. He is one of my favorite authors even though his books are meant for middle school student. I heard he was a great and funny guy and would like to verify it. My favorite place to eat on campus is...Bruce Hall. I love their cobbler when they have it, but otherwise it is the cafeteria that is closest to all my classes. Callie Darling Hi, my name is Callie Darling, I’m 18, and a freshman premed psychology major. I grew up in a small town called Pflugerville, Texas, but I was born in Bakersfield, California. I high school, I was captain of the nationally ranked Hendrickson colorguard and a four year varsity member. I spent my summer travelling up and down the Midwest with Genesis Drum and Bugle Corps (basically marching band on steroids), performing in all different venues. Basically, colorguard was my life. I am an extremely clumsy person, having concussed/jammed/sprained/fractured/broken most of my body parts. I take break dancing to a whole new level. I’m a health fanatic, love to work out, and have been a vegetarian for almost a year. And no, I do not miss Chick-fil-a. I’m a type A personality and myers briggs ENTJ. I organize things for fun and have a special love for flair pens because they are perfect for color coding. I drink my coffee black or extremely sweet, there is no in between, kind of like my personality. Also, I watched the first 5 seasons of game of thrones in 3 days; it’s a talent. What do I do in my free time...I’m either napping or exercising my physical health or my binge movie watching abilities. My favorite honors class is...Considering I am in my first semester of my freshman year, I’ve only been in one honors class which by default makes it my favorite. Intro to Sociology is really interesting, though 10/10 recommend. Out of all the people in the world, I would most like to meet...my future husband. I promise I’m totally joking. In all honesty, I’d want to meet Audrey Hepburn or Elizabeth Taylor but they have both passed. Both of these women are great role models whom I aspire to emulate. My favorite place to eat on campus is...Fuzzy’s for 11pm guac runs. Travis Kettle My name is Travis Kettle. I am a sophomore Biology Major.I was born in Riverside, California and raised in Houston, Texas. My dream is to go to Dental School to become a pediatric dentist. I have a passion for helping people and I love volunteering to serve people in need. I love the outdoors and I spend my free time hiking, exercising, and surrounding myself with close friends. I love the beach and try to take trips to Galveston as often as possible. My favorite thing about UNT is the diversity of cultures and ideas that I see every day. My favorite animals are dogs and giraffes. I am a member of Alpha Phi Omega, Pre-Dental Society, Honors Programming Council, and I am a volunteer tutor at the UNT Learning Center. My biggest goal in college is to build as many close relationships as possible and make a difference in people’s lives by spreading positivity throughout campus every day. What I do with my free time...In my free time I am ALWAYS outside enjoying nature by hiking, swimming, exercising, or enoing!! My favorite Honors College class is...Intro to Honors Research with Dr. Miles because Dr. Miles is a wonderful professor and we are challenged to think outside of the box. Out of all the people in the world, I would like to meet...Beyoncé because I like her music and she speaks out about current issues and is a good role model for young leaders. My favorite place to eat on campus is...Starbucks because I am a coffee addict!!! Kristyn Leonard I’m Kristyn Leonard, and I’m a freshman majoring in English with a concentration in Writing and Rhetoric. I was born in Fort Worth but have lived in Las Vegas, Nevada my entire life. My goal is to work on political campaigns as a speechwriter or campaign manager and/or become a Disney Princess. On a typical day I can be found napping in various locations or watching videos of cute animals online. I am a lover of television, movies, and the theater. My favorite TV show of all time is Community, and I absolutely adore Star Wars, Marvel Movies, and everything that’s ever been on Broadway. I am the proud owner of six wonderful dogs and three pretty okay cats, and I hope to one day find a home for every homeless animal who doesn’t have the amount of love they deserve. What I do with my free time…In my free time I love to watch Netflix, make crafts, and read plays. My favorite Honors College class is…Introduction to Sociology is my favorite honors class… although it is also the only one I’ve ever taken, so I don’t really have options. Out of all the people in the world, I would like to meet…Out of all the people in the world, there’s a three way tie for the ones I would most like to meet- Donald Glover, Hillary Clinton, and Michelle Obama. My favorite place to eat on campus is…My favorite place to eat on campus is Jamba Juice. The acai energy bowls are my favorite thing in the world. Jonathan Salazar I am a transfer student from Eastfield College and this is my first semester at UNT and one of the first times being away from my original hometown of Dallas. I am a Biology major with an interest in research and medicine. My plan after UNT is to apply to PhD/M.D. programs and become part of the pioneers who make life saving discoveries. I am glad to be part of the Honors College Programming Council and I hope we can further the involvement and relationships among Honors Students. What I do with my free time…I like to play my Takamine EG561C guitar. I have found it to be a great way to release stress from classwork or tests. I don’t believe I am good enough yet, but it is the learning that I find the most pleasant. My favorite Honors College class is…Introduction to Research with Dr. Tom Miles. This class is unlike many others; you are not tested into how well you can retain information. Rather, you learn to think critically and ask questions that advance or expand the research that you are conducting. I have and will continue to recommend this class to everyone, no matter their major. Out of all the world, the person who I would like to meet is…Donald Trump. Not because I admired him or any of his stances, but because of his shocking victory. It is obvious that many underestimated the man and his message, but he managed to obtain the Republican nomination and then socked the world when he was elected president. I will obviously ask him about his stances, whether he will follow through with all his rhetoric and questioned him about his vision of America. My favorite place to eat on campus is… at Kerr cafeteria. I usually go there for lunch every day, after I’m done with classes. They always have a good variety and I have the option to take it easy with a salad or pasta, or go for a double cheeseburger. Depends on my mood. Visit Us Sage Hall Room 229 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Honors College 1155 Union Circle #310529 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-3305 HonorsCollege@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 