 honors   student life honor societies Honor Societies at  Honors College honors   student life honor societies Honor Societies at  Honors College honors   student life honor societies Honor Societies at  Honors College honors   student life honor societies Honor Societies at  Honors College honors   student life honor societies Honor Societies at  Honors College honors   student life honor societies Honor Societies at  Honors College honors   student life honor societies Honor Societies at  Honors College honors   student life honor societies Honor Societies at  Honors College honors   student life honor societies Honor Societies at  Honors College honors   student life honor societies Honor Societies at  Honors College  Honor Societies at UNT | Honors College Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions Eligibility Apply Now Tours Academics » Academics Course Schedules Earning Honors Credits Advising Honors College Distinctions Honors College Handbook Scholarships Student Life » Student Life Honors College Community Engagement Form Honors College Programming Council » Honors College Programming Council Programming Council Members 2016-17 Housing Honor Societies at UNT Research » Research UNT Undergraduate Research Fellowship McNair Scholars University Scholars Day Eagle Feather Honors Research Poster Print Request McNair Scholars » McNair Scholars Program Information » Program Information 2015 - 2016 Faculty Mentors Advisory Board 2017 McNair Conference » 2017 McNair Conference General Information » General Information Conference Program Updates & Announcements Daily Schedule Speakers & Panels Graduate Recruitment Fair Local Transportation Explore UNT & Denton Contact Us Current Scholars » Current Scholars Forms Staff Contact McNair Terry Scholars Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Spotlights Support the Honors College Contact Us Search form Search Honors College MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Honors College Menu Home AdmissionsEligibility Apply Now Tours AcademicsCourse Schedules Earning Honors Credits Advising Honors College Distinctions Honors College Handbook Scholarships Student LifeHonors College Community Engagement Form Honors College Programming CouncilProgramming Council Members 2016-17 Housing Honor Societies at UNT ResearchUNT Undergraduate Research Fellowship McNair Scholars University Scholars Day Eagle Feather Honors Research Poster Print Request McNair ScholarsProgram Information2015 - 2016 Faculty Mentors Advisory Board 2017 McNair ConferenceGeneral Information Conference Program Updates & Announcements Daily Schedule Speakers & Panels Graduate Recruitment Fair Local Transportation Explore UNT & Denton Contact Us Current ScholarsForms Staff Contact McNair Terry Scholars AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Spotlights Support the Honors College Contact Us Honor Societies at UNT Many Honors College members choose to join academic honors societies. The list below is inclusive of all honors societies currently registered as student organizations at UNT. More information about student organizations at UNT, including honors societies, can be found at http://unt.orgsync.com/search. Alpha Chi National College Honor Society Alpha Chi is a national college honor society that admits the top ten percent of UNT’s juniors, seniors, and graduate students. New members are invited to join via email during the fall semester. More information about Alpha Chi can be found on OrgSync and at https://www.alphachihonor.org. Alpha Epsilon Delta Health Preprofessional Honor Society Alpha Epsilon Delta encourages and promotes preprofessional health scholarship and welcomes students engaged in the pursuit of a professional healthcare career. Students must have a GPA of 3.2 and at least three semesters of preprofessional health work to join. More information about Alpha Epsilon Delta can be found on OrgSync and at https://www.facebook.com/groups/NorthTexasAED/ Alpha Lambda Delta The mission of Alpha Lambda Delta is to encourage superior academic achievement among students in their first year in institutions of higher education, to promote intelligent living and a continued high standard of learning, and to assist students in recognizing and developing meaningful goals for their roles in society. Students must be enrolled full-time, have at least a 3.5 GPA, and rank in the top 20% of their class. More information about Alpha Lambda Delta can be found on OrgSync and at http://www.nationalald.org/. Alpha Phi Sigma Alpha Phi Sigma recognizes academic excellence of Undergraduate and Graduate students of Criminal Justice, as well as Juris Doctorate students. The goals of Alpha Phi Sigma are to honor and promote academic excellence, community service, educational leadership, and unity. Alpha Phi Sigma is the only Criminal Justice Honor Society which is a certified member of the Association of College Honor Societies and affiliated with the Academy of Criminal Justice Sciences. Undergraduate students must have completed three semesters of coursework and have a GPA of 3.2 to join. More information about Alpha Phi Sigma can be found on OrgSync and at http://www.alphaphisigma.org/. Alpha Psi Omega UNT's chapter of Alpha Psi Omega, a national theatre honor fraternity is dedicated to furthering knowledge and praising excellence in theatre arts within the community. Alpha Psi Omega strives to promote and support theatre within the community as well as encourage members to produce their own works to show to the public. Students must have theatre experience and a 3.0 GPA to join Alpha Psi Omega. More information about Alpha Psi Omega can be found on OrgSync and at https://www.facebook.com/aposigmagamma. Beta Alpha Psi Beta Alpha Psi is a national financial information organization comprised of Finance, Accounting and Information Technology Decision Systems (ITDS) students. Beta Pi is the UNT Chapter of Beta Alpha Psi, and is active in providing meaningful and professional opportunities for members since 1962. Students must be an accounting, finance, or ITDS major. Students must have a 3.0 accounting GPA and 3.0 overall GPA. Lastly, students must be in at least their first accounting class, such as ACCT 2010 and 2020. More information about Beta Alpha Psi can be found on OrgSync and at http://www.orgs.unt.edu/bap/. Beta Beta Beta UNT Tri-Beta is a local chapter of the national life sciences honor society called Beta Beta Beta Biological Honor Society, whose members share an interest in the biological sciences and research.to join Tri-Beta, students must be a biological science major and have a 3.0 GPA. More information about Beta Beta Beta can be found on OrgSync and at https://www.facebook.com/groups/2201362656/. Chi Sigma Iota Rho Kappa is a chapter of Chi Sigma Iota (CSI) located at the University of North Texas. CSI is an international honor society that values academic and professional excellence in counseling. CSI promotes a strong professional identity through members (professional counselors, counselor educators, and students) who contribute to the realization of a healthy society by fostering wellness and human dignity. CSI’s mission is to promote scholarship, research, professionalism, leadership, advocacy, and excellence in counseling, and to recognize high attainment in the pursuit of academic and clinical excellence in the profession of counseling. Students must have a 3.5 GPA to join CSI. More information about CSI can be found on OrgSync and at https://www.facebook.com/groups/384533841676041/. Chi Tau Epsilon Chi Tau Epsilon Dance Honor Society stands to develop dance talent and honor outstanding students by further strengthening and preparing students in the field of dance with service and networking throughout the community. Students must have a 3.0 GPA to join Chi Tau Epsilon. More information about Chi Tau Epsilon can be found on OrgSync. Delta Alpha Pi Delta Alpha Pi International Honor Society presents an opportunity to recognize students with disabilities for their academic achievements. Delta Alpha Pi also strives to raise community awareness about disabilities and provide service to the community. To join Delta Alpha Pi, undergraduate students must have completed 24 credit hours and have a 3.1 GPA. Students must also be registered with the Office of Disability Accommodations. More information about Delta Alpha Pi can be found on OrgSync and at https://www.facebook.com/pages/Delta-Alpha-Pi-University-of-North-Texas-.... Golden Key Honor Society Golden Key is the world's premier collegiate honor society, recognizing outstanding academic achievement and connecting high-achieving individuals locally, regionally & globally with lifetime opportunity, reward & success. As an International Honor Society, membership is by invitation only, however Golden Key encourages any students interested to join our meetings and events as prospective students. Golden Key invites and inductions occur during each fall semester. Based on spring grades, students who rank in the top 15% of their graduating class at UNT are considered for membership. Students will typically have a G.P.A. of 3.5 or higher. More information about Gold Key can be found on OrgSync and at http://unt.goldenkey.org/. Kappa Delta Pi Kappa Delta Pi International Honor Society in Education; Alpha Iota Chapter is dedicated to scholarship and excellence in education. To join, students must have at least sophomore standing and a cumulative GPA or 3.2. More information about Kappa Delta Pi can be found at http://www.coe.unt.edu/kappa-delta-pi and http://www.facebook.com/pages/UNT-Kappa-Delta-Pi/113699325357338. Lambda Pi Eta Lambda Pi Eta strives to recognize, foster, and reward outstanding scholastic achievement; stimulate interest in the field of Communication Studies; promote and encourage professional development for students involved in Communication Studies; provide opportunities to exchange ideas about the field of Communication Studies; help establish and maintain close relationships with and open dialogue between faculty and students; foster excellent student behavior inside and outside the Department of Communication Studies, promoting leadership and role modeling amongst our members for the larger population of students; and, explore options for further graduate studies in the field of Communication Studies and cognate fields. To join Lambda Pi Eta, students must have completed at last 60 credit hour overall, 12 credit hours in the Department of Communication Studies, have a cumulative GPA of 3.0, and a departmental GPA of 3.25. More information about Lambda Pi Eta can be found on OrgSync and at https://www.facebook.com/groups/569821989720780/. Mortar Board Mortar Board is the premier national honor society recognizing college seniors for superior achievement in scholarship, leadership and service. Membership is synonymous with dedication and success. To be considered for membership, members must have at least a 3.4 GPA or higher and must fill out an application to be reviewed by current members, the advisor, and the National Office. More information about Mortar Board can be found on OrgSync and at http://www.mortarboard.org. Mu Kappa Tau Mu Kappa Tau is an international marketing honor society, and membership in Mu Kappa Tau is the highest recognition a Marketing major student can receive. Any student at the University of North Texas whose major or minor is marketing and has achieved a sufficient grade point average is eligible to be an active member and may hold office. More information about Mu Kappa Tau can be found on OrgSync and at http://www.mukappatau.org. Phi Alpha The purposes of Phi Alpha Honor Society are to provide a closer bond among students of social work and promote humanitarian goals and ideals. Phi Alpha fosters high standards of education for social workers and invites into membership, those who have attained excellence in scholarship and achievement in social work. To be eligible to join Phi Alpha, students must be accepted into the Social Work program, have completed nine hours of social work classes, have a 3.0 cumulative GPA, and a 3.25 social work GPA. For more information about Phi can be found on OrgSync and at https://www.facebook.com/groups/517616321707452/. Phi Alpha Theta Phi Alpha Theta is a professional society whose mission is to promote the study of History through the encouragement of research, good teaching, publication and the exchange of learning and ideas among Historians. We seek to bring students, teachers and writers of History together for intellectual and social exchanges, which promote and assist Historical research and publication by our members in a variety of ways including conferences, scholarships, publication opportunities, and social events. To join, undergraduate students must have completed 12 hours of history courses and have a GPA of 3.0. More information about Phi Alpha Theta can be found on OrgSync and at https://www.facebook.com/groups/phialphathetaUNT/. Phi Kappa Phi The Honor Society of Phi Kappa Phi is the oldest and most selective academic honor society at UNT. It is dedicated to the recognition and promotion of academic excellence in all fields of higher education. More than 1 million members have been inducted since its founding in 1897. There are currently more than 120,000 active members worldwide. More information about Phi Kappa Phi can be found at http://phikappaphi.unt.edu/ Phi Sigma Pi Phi Sigma Pi is a gender inclusive National Honor Fraternity, founded in 1916. It is based upon the principles of Scholarship, Leadership and Fellowship, which are collectively known as the Tripod. Membership is open to undergraduate students who have completed a minimum of one semester of college work, having achieved at least a 3.0 cumulative GPA, and also having at least two (2) semesters left as an undergraduate following the initiate semester. More information about Phi Sigma Pi can be found on OrgSync and at https://www.facebook.com/pages/Phi-Sigma-Pi-Delta-Kappa/120566251295110?... Pi Tau Sigma Pi Tau Sigma is an honor society for mechanical engineers that is great for its networking and service activities. Students who do well in thermodynamics and mechanics of materials classes are eligible to join. Membership eligibility is determined by class year and class rank. More information about Pi Tau Sigma can be found on OrgSync and at http://www.pitausigma.net/. Psi Chi Psi Chi is an International Honor Society in Psychology. Psi Chi’s focus is promoting academic excellence, the science of psychology, and meaningful service to the community. To join Psi Chi, students must have a 3.0 GPA and completed at least nine hours of psychology coursework. More information about Psi Chi can be found on OrgSync and at https://www.facebook.com/groups/UNTPsiChi. Sigma Alpha Lambda Sigma Alpha Lambda (SAL) promotes academic excellence at the chapter and national level and encourages high academic achievement among school-aged children in our community. SAL engages university students, faculty, and staff as well as the surrounding community in meaningful, relevant service initiatives and raise awareness for worthwhile causes. SAL promotes an understanding of the service model of leadership, educates on the philosophy of leading through service, and develops leaders who incorporate service into their lives. To join, students must be at least a sophomore and have a GPA of 3.0. More information about Sigma Alpha Lambda can be found on OrgSync and at https://www.facebook.com/groups/UNTSALCHAPTER/. Sigma Delta Pi Sigma Delta Pi es una organización nacional que celebra la cultura hispánica y comparte el amor de la lengua y su gente con el resto del mundo. Nuestro capítulo Alfa Pi es la sociedad nacional honoraria hispánica ubicada en el campo de la Universidad de Norte Tejas. Cada año escolástico escogemos los estudiantes que demuestran su dedicación a los principios de SDP por sus calificaciones (notas) y acciones. Nuestra lema “Spanías Didagéi Proágomen” viene del Latín y significa “Prosigamos bajo la inspiración de España.” To join Sigma Delta Pi, students must have completed 18 semester credit hours of college-level Spanish, have a minimum GPA of 3.0, and be in the upper 35% of his/her class. More information about Sigma Delta Pi can be found on OrgSync and at http://untsigmadeltapi.wix.com/unt1. Sigma Tau Delta Sigma Tau Delta is the official honor society for college students in English, English education, and linguistics. Members must be undergraduate or graduate students majoring or minoring in English, English education, or linguistics. Students must have completed 45 college credit hours; 12 of these credit hours should be in English/linguistics (transfer credits are acceptable). Students must also have a cumulative GPA of 3.0 and a GPA in English/linguistics of 3.5. More information about Sigma Tau Delta can be found on OrgSync and at http://www.facebook.com/SigmaTauDeltaAtUnt. Society for Collegiate Leadership Achievement SCLA honors students’ achievement and empowers them to be the leaders of tomorrow. We aim to maximize student potential through vibrant mentor and peer communities and competency-based certification. SCLA prepares students for life after college through networking with potential employers and building personal skills to improve their résumés. SCLA believes that it is crucial to develop the leaders of tomorrow through the guidance of today’s leaders. To be eligible to join, students must meet the GPA requirement specified in SCLA’s constitution and be in good standing with the University of North Texas. More information about the Society for Collegiate Leadership Achievement can be found on OrgSync and at https://www.facebook.com/groups/1620733581539549/. Tau Sigma Tau Sigma is a national academic honor society designed specifically to recognize and promote the academic excellence and involvement of transfer students. Invitation is extended to new transfer students who achieve a 3.5 GPA or higher during their first full-time semester at UNT. Students will receive an invitation the semester after eligibility. More information about Tau Sigma can be found on OrgSync and at https://www.facebook.com/pages/UNT-Tau-Sigma/183475738425786?sk=app_1191.... Visit Us Sage Hall Room 229 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Honors College 1155 Union Circle #310529 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-3305 HonorsCollege@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 