 honors   research university scholars day University Scholars Day Honors College honors   research university scholars day University Scholars Day Honors College honors   research university scholars day University Scholars Day Honors College honors   research university scholars day University Scholars Day Honors College honors   research university scholars day University Scholars Day Honors College honors   research university scholars day University Scholars Day Honors College honors   research university scholars day University Scholars Day Honors College honors   research university scholars day University Scholars Day Honors College honors   research university scholars day University Scholars Day Honors College honors   research university scholars day University Scholars Day Honors College  University Scholars Day | Honors College Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions Eligibility Apply Now Tours Academics » Academics Course Schedules Earning Honors Credits Advising Honors College Distinctions Honors College Handbook Scholarships Student Life » Student Life Honors College Community Engagement Form Honors College Programming Council » Honors College Programming Council Programming Council Members 2016-17 Housing Honor Societies at UNT Research » Research UNT Undergraduate Research Fellowship McNair Scholars University Scholars Day Eagle Feather Honors Research Poster Print Request McNair Scholars » McNair Scholars Program Information » Program Information 2015 - 2016 Faculty Mentors Advisory Board 2017 McNair Conference » 2017 McNair Conference General Information » General Information Conference Program Updates & Announcements Daily Schedule Speakers & Panels Graduate Recruitment Fair Local Transportation Explore UNT & Denton Contact Us Current Scholars » Current Scholars Forms Staff Contact McNair Terry Scholars Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Spotlights Support the Honors College Contact Us Search form Search Honors College MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Honors College Menu Home AdmissionsEligibility Apply Now Tours AcademicsCourse Schedules Earning Honors Credits Advising Honors College Distinctions Honors College Handbook Scholarships Student LifeHonors College Community Engagement Form Honors College Programming CouncilProgramming Council Members 2016-17 Housing Honor Societies at UNT ResearchUNT Undergraduate Research Fellowship McNair Scholars University Scholars Day Eagle Feather Honors Research Poster Print Request McNair ScholarsProgram Information2015 - 2016 Faculty Mentors Advisory Board 2017 McNair ConferenceGeneral Information Conference Program Updates & Announcements Daily Schedule Speakers & Panels Graduate Recruitment Fair Local Transportation Explore UNT & Denton Contact Us Current ScholarsForms Staff Contact McNair Terry Scholars AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Spotlights Support the Honors College Contact Us University Scholars Day APRIL 11, 2017 - University Union Building Scholars Day Schedule, Union, third floor 9:30 a.m. - 3:15 p.m.  Panels 2:30 p.m. - 3:30 p.m.  Posters on Display, 3rd floor ballroom 3:30 p.m. - 4:30 p.m.  Awards Reception UNIVERSITY SCHOLARS DAY PROGRAM 2017  The Office of the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs, the Office of Research and Economic Development, and the Honors College invite undergraduates from all of UNT’s colleges and schools to participate in the Fourteenth Annual University Scholars Day to be held on April 11, 2017. March 31, 2017: Application for Undergraduate Research Fellowship due. University Scholars Day Presentation Application March 20, 2017: Application for papers or fine arts performances are due.March 20, 2017: Application for posters are due.March 24, 2017: Students will be notified of acceptance. Student researchers must submit a Scholars Day Presentation Application by the date listed above to present a paper, poster, or performance at University Scholars Day. The application requires approval of the student’s faculty mentor/sponsor. Students will be notified if their paper or poster is accepted by the notification date listed above. Poster presentations will take place from 2:30-3:30. All presenters are required to be present the entire presentation period. For more information on presenting at University Scholars Day contact Dr. Tom Miles, Honors College at ScholarsDay@unt.edu, 940-565-2255, Honors College, Sage Hall 229, University of North Texas. Scholars Day Research Award Application  March 31, 2017: Application for Scholars Day Research Award due. Advanced researchers may also compete for financial prizes in our Research Award competition. Students should submit a separate award application by the award deadline date. Research Award Prizes will be awarded in 4 Categories: •    Natural Sciences, Mathematics, and Engineering; •    Social and Behavioral Sciences, Business, Education, Hospitality, Merchandising and Tourism; and •    Humanities •    Performing and Fine Arts Research Award Prizes (for each category above) •    Paper and Performance winners receive 1.    - $450 2.    - $350 3.    - $250 •    Poster winners receive 1.    - $300 2.    - $200 3.    - $100 Papers must be submitted with the application, and winners will be announced on Scholars Day. Posters and Performances will be judged 1:00 to 2:30 p.m. prior to the main Scholars Day event from 2:30 pm to 3:30pm. The awards ceremony begins at 3:30 p.m. and award winners must be present in order to claim their awards. Winners will become eligible for a limited number of Travel Awards. For more information on submitting papers or posters for the Scholars Day Research and Travel Awards, please contact Dr. Rafael Major, Senior Lecturer, Honors College at Rafael.Major@unt.edu, 940-369-5323, Sage Hall 202A, University of North Texas. UNT Publication Opportunity Following the conference, the papers may be submitted for publication in UNT’s electronic journal of undergraduate research, The Eagle Feather. About Scholars Day Dr. Glenisson de Oliveira, Dean of the Honors College, and Dr. Tom McCoy, Vice President for the Office of Research and Economic Development (ORED) at UNT, are pleased to announce that ORED will provide funding for major financial awards to undergraduate students with the best papers, posters and fine arts performances presented at University Scholars Day in order to encourage students to attend prestigious regional and national professional meetings. Note: The financial awards are considered financial prizes and do not count as financial aid. The purpose of Scholars Day is to celebrate the work of undergraduate researchers at UNT. Students do not need to be members of the Honors College to present.  Undergraduate students are invited to submit abstracts for a poster or paper based on original research or artist statement for creative work conducted under the guidance of a faculty mentor at UNT during the past year. Visit Us Sage Hall Room 229 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Honors College 1155 Union Circle #310529 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-3305 HonorsCollege@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 