 honors   mcnair scholars program information Program Information Honors College honors   mcnair scholars program information Program Information Honors College honors   mcnair scholars program information Program Information Honors College honors   mcnair scholars program information Program Information Honors College honors   mcnair scholars program information Program Information Honors College honors   mcnair scholars program information Program Information Honors College honors   mcnair scholars program information Program Information Honors College honors   mcnair scholars program information Program Information Honors College honors   mcnair scholars program information Program Information Honors College honors   mcnair scholars program information Program Information Honors College  Program Information | Honors College Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions Eligibility Apply Now Tours Academics » Academics Course Schedules Earning Honors Credits Advising Honors College Distinctions Honors College Handbook Scholarships Student Life » Student Life Honors College Community Engagement Form Honors College Programming Council » Honors College Programming Council Programming Council Members 2016-17 Housing Honor Societies at UNT Research » Research UNT Undergraduate Research Fellowship McNair Scholars University Scholars Day Eagle Feather Honors Research Poster Print Request McNair Scholars » McNair Scholars Program Information » Program Information 2015 - 2016 Faculty Mentors Advisory Board 2017 McNair Conference » 2017 McNair Conference General Information » General Information Conference Program Updates & Announcements Daily Schedule Speakers & Panels Graduate Recruitment Fair Local Transportation Explore UNT & Denton Contact Us Current Scholars » Current Scholars Forms Staff Contact McNair Terry Scholars Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Spotlights Support the Honors College Contact Us Search form Search Honors College MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Honors College Menu Home AdmissionsEligibility Apply Now Tours AcademicsCourse Schedules Earning Honors Credits Advising Honors College Distinctions Honors College Handbook Scholarships Student LifeHonors College Community Engagement Form Honors College Programming CouncilProgramming Council Members 2016-17 Housing Honor Societies at UNT ResearchUNT Undergraduate Research Fellowship McNair Scholars University Scholars Day Eagle Feather Honors Research Poster Print Request McNair ScholarsProgram Information2015 - 2016 Faculty Mentors Advisory Board 2017 McNair ConferenceGeneral Information Conference Program Updates & Announcements Daily Schedule Speakers & Panels Graduate Recruitment Fair Local Transportation Explore UNT & Denton Contact Us Current ScholarsForms Staff Contact McNair Terry Scholars AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Spotlights Support the Honors College Contact Us Program Information Purpose Ronald E. McNair Post-Baccalaureate Achievement programs, also known as McNair Scholars Programs, prepare university juniors and seniors who are low-income, first generation, and/or underrepresented in graduate education for doctoral education.  The U.S. Department of Education currently funds approximately 150 of these programs nationally. UNT’s McNair Scholars Program provides students selected as McNair Scholars with research opportunities, faculty mentors, and a variety of services to successfully complete the baccalaureate degree and prepare for graduate school. Funding for the UNT program comes from the U.S. Department of Education and the University of North Texas President. The goal of all program is to increase the number of students from underrepresented segments of society that successfully complete a Ph.D. degree. Eligibility The U.S. Department of Education and the UNT McNair Scholars Program have set the following eligibility requirements. You may qualify for the program if you meet all of these criteria: you come from a household where neither parent has a four-year degree you come from a low-income household you are a member of an underrepresented group in graduate education your ultimate educational goal is a doctoral (Ph.D.) degree you are a U.S. citizen or permanent resident your GPA is a 3.2 or above you want to conduct research with the guidance of a faculty mentor you need assistance navigating the graduate school process you have at least three long semesters at UNT before you graduate Services & Benefits Participate inFaculty-mentored research Professional conferences Summer research class Receive stipendsParticipants receive stipends for research during the academic year. Summer stipends are provided to scholars who meet specific criteria for summer research. Stipends are provided for the summer by the U.S. Department of Education and by UNT for the academic year. Prepare for graduate schoolIntensive GRE preparation Preparing your application Securing graduate admission Visiting graduate schools Recieve AdvisingAcademic counseling Personal and career advising Financial aid advising Tutoring Summer research course (tuition support provided) McNair Scholars Should Consider Applying to the Honors College! McNair scholars may also be eligible to join the Honors College. Check out the eligibility requirements at: https://honors.unt.edu/admissions/eligibility. And see what the Honors College offers to further enhance your undergraduate learning experience: https://honors.unt.edu/admissions and http://honors.unt.edu/advantage/index.htm. Visit Us Sage Hall Room 229 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Honors College 1155 Union Circle #310529 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-3305 HonorsCollege@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 