 honors   mcnair scholars advisory board Advisory Board Honors College honors   mcnair scholars advisory board Advisory Board Honors College honors   mcnair scholars advisory board Advisory Board Honors College honors   mcnair scholars advisory board Advisory Board Honors College honors   mcnair scholars advisory board Advisory Board Honors College honors   mcnair scholars advisory board Advisory Board Honors College honors   mcnair scholars advisory board Advisory Board Honors College honors   mcnair scholars advisory board Advisory Board Honors College honors   mcnair scholars advisory board Advisory Board Honors College honors   mcnair scholars advisory board Advisory Board Honors College  Advisory Board | Honors College Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions Eligibility Apply Now Tours Academics » Academics Course Schedules Earning Honors Credits Advising Honors College Distinctions Honors College Handbook Scholarships Student Life » Student Life Honors College Community Engagement Form Honors College Programming Council » Honors College Programming Council Programming Council Members 2016-17 Housing Honor Societies at UNT Research » Research UNT Undergraduate Research Fellowship McNair Scholars University Scholars Day Eagle Feather Honors Research Poster Print Request McNair Scholars » McNair Scholars Program Information » Program Information 2015 - 2016 Faculty Mentors Advisory Board 2017 McNair Conference » 2017 McNair Conference General Information » General Information Conference Program Updates & Announcements Daily Schedule Speakers & Panels Graduate Recruitment Fair Local Transportation Explore UNT & Denton Contact Us Current Scholars » Current Scholars Forms Staff Contact McNair Terry Scholars Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Spotlights Support the Honors College Contact Us Search form Search Honors College MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Honors College Menu Home AdmissionsEligibility Apply Now Tours AcademicsCourse Schedules Earning Honors Credits Advising Honors College Distinctions Honors College Handbook Scholarships Student LifeHonors College Community Engagement Form Honors College Programming CouncilProgramming Council Members 2016-17 Housing Honor Societies at UNT ResearchUNT Undergraduate Research Fellowship McNair Scholars University Scholars Day Eagle Feather Honors Research Poster Print Request McNair ScholarsProgram Information2015 - 2016 Faculty Mentors Advisory Board 2017 McNair ConferenceGeneral Information Conference Program Updates & Announcements Daily Schedule Speakers & Panels Graduate Recruitment Fair Local Transportation Explore UNT & Denton Contact Us Current ScholarsForms Staff Contact McNair Terry Scholars AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Spotlights Support the Honors College Contact Us Advisory Board Name Position Dr. William Acree, Jr Professor, Chemistry Dr. Bertina Combes Professor, Educational Psychology Dr. Glênisson de Oliveira Dean, TAMS & Honors College Dr. Rebecca Dickstein Professor, Biological Sciences Dr. James Duban Director, Office of Nationally Competitive Scholarships and Professor, English Dr. John Ishiyama Professor, Political Science Dr. Sharon Jenkins Professor, Psychology Dr. James Meernik Professor, Political Science Dr. Mariela Nuñez-Janes Associate Professor, Anthropology Dr. Victor R. Prybutok Regents Professor, Decision Science and Vice Provost, Toulouse Graduate School Dr. Enedelia Sauceda Staff Psychologist, Counseling and Testing Dr. Mark Vosvick Associate Professor, Psychology and Director, Center for Psychosocial Health Emeritus Members Name Position Dr. Chwee-Lye Chng Regents Professor, Department of Kinesiology, Health Promotion and Recreation Dr. Judith McConnell Director, Counseling and Testing Visit Us Sage Hall Room 229 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Honors College 1155 Union Circle #310529 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-3305 HonorsCollege@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 