 honors   mcnair scholars staff McNair Staff Honors College honors   mcnair scholars staff McNair Staff Honors College honors   mcnair scholars staff McNair Staff Honors College honors   mcnair scholars staff McNair Staff Honors College honors   mcnair scholars staff McNair Staff Honors College honors   mcnair scholars staff McNair Staff Honors College honors   mcnair scholars staff McNair Staff Honors College honors   mcnair scholars staff McNair Staff Honors College honors   mcnair scholars staff McNair Staff Honors College honors   mcnair scholars staff McNair Staff Honors College  McNair Staff | Honors College Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions Eligibility Apply Now Tours Academics » Academics Course Schedules Earning Honors Credits Advising Honors College Distinctions Honors College Handbook Scholarships Student Life » Student Life Honors College Community Engagement Form Honors College Programming Council » Honors College Programming Council Programming Council Members 2016-17 Housing Honor Societies at UNT Research » Research UNT Undergraduate Research Fellowship McNair Scholars University Scholars Day Eagle Feather Honors Research Poster Print Request McNair Scholars » McNair Scholars Program Information » Program Information 2015 - 2016 Faculty Mentors Advisory Board 2017 McNair Conference » 2017 McNair Conference General Information » General Information Conference Program Updates & Announcements Daily Schedule Speakers & Panels Graduate Recruitment Fair Local Transportation Explore UNT & Denton Contact Us Current Scholars » Current Scholars Forms Staff Contact McNair Terry Scholars Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Spotlights Support the Honors College Contact Us Search form Search Honors College MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Honors College Menu Home AdmissionsEligibility Apply Now Tours AcademicsCourse Schedules Earning Honors Credits Advising Honors College Distinctions Honors College Handbook Scholarships Student LifeHonors College Community Engagement Form Honors College Programming CouncilProgramming Council Members 2016-17 Housing Honor Societies at UNT ResearchUNT Undergraduate Research Fellowship McNair Scholars University Scholars Day Eagle Feather Honors Research Poster Print Request McNair ScholarsProgram Information2015 - 2016 Faculty Mentors Advisory Board 2017 McNair ConferenceGeneral Information Conference Program Updates & Announcements Daily Schedule Speakers & Panels Graduate Recruitment Fair Local Transportation Explore UNT & Denton Contact Us Current ScholarsForms Staff Contact McNair Terry Scholars AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Spotlights Support the Honors College Contact Us McNair Staff William Moen Director Dr. Moen joined the McNair Program on April 2, 2015. He oversees the day-to-day operations of the program and works with the staff to ensure the success of our scholars. He received his Ph.D. in Information Science from Syracuse University and is a member of faculty in the Department of Library and Information Sciences. He began working at UNT in 1996. William.Moen@unt.edu Rosa Fonseca Program Advisor The current scholar adviser has been involved with TRiO programs at the University of North Texas (UNT) since 2005—first as a student and then as an employee. She is a former participant in both the McNair Scholar Program and Student Support Services and has been in her current position since the fall of 2011. The first in her family to attend college, Rosa has a B.A. and an M.A. in Political Science from UNT. Rosa.Fonseca@unt.edu Kristina Rodriguez Program Assistant Kristina is a McNair alumna of St. Edward’s University where she received a B.A. in Psychology. She is currently in a Counseling Psychology Ph.D. program and focuses on the vocational and academic development of Latino emerging adults, counseling with college-aged populations, and multicultural/diverse issues in psychology. Kristina.Rodriguez@unt.edu Visit Us Sage Hall Room 229 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Honors College 1155 Union Circle #310529 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-3305 HonorsCollege@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 