s research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse faqs Cayuse FAQs Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse faqs Cayuse FAQs Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse faqs Cayuse FAQs Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse faqs Cayuse FAQs Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse faqs Cayuse FAQs Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse faqs Cayuse FAQs Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse faqs Cayuse FAQs Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse faqs Cayuse FAQs Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse faqs Cayuse FAQs Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse faqs Cayuse FAQs Research and Innovation  Cayuse FAQs | Research and Innovation Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty Resources » Faculty Resources MC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts Administration » Office of Grants & Contracts Administration Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) » Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) Step 1 : Request a Grants and Contracts Specialist (GCS) Step 2 : Electronic proposal routing / Cayuse SP Step 3 : Optional for Grants.gov only / Cayuse 424 Cayuse FAQs Cayuse Help Cayuse Contacts Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) Guidelines Limited Submissions Process » Limited Submissions Process Limited Submissions Funding Opportunities FAQ Research Integrity & Compliance » Research Integrity & Compliance Use of Humans in Research (IRB) Use of Animals in Research (IACUC) Financial Conflict of Interest Export Controls Research Integrity Research Misconduct Federal Regulations Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization About Us » About Us Reports & Statistics » Reports & Statistics Previous Fiscal Years Current Fiscal Year Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People Search form Search Research and Innovation MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of Research and Innovation Research and Innovation Main menu Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty ResourcesMC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts AdministrationPrepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing)Step 1 : Request a Grants and Contracts Specialist (GCS) Step 2 : Electronic proposal routing / Cayuse SP Step 3 : Optional for Grants.gov only / Cayuse 424 Cayuse FAQs Cayuse Help Cayuse Contacts Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) Guidelines Limited Submissions Process FAQ Research Integrity & Compliance Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization About UsReports & Statistics Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People Faculty Resources MC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts AdministrationPrepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing)Step 1 : Request a Grants and Contracts Specialist (GCS) Step 2 : Electronic proposal routing / Cayuse SP Step 3 : Optional for Grants.gov only / Cayuse 424 Cayuse FAQs Cayuse Help Cayuse Contacts Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) Guidelines Limited Submissions Process FAQ Research Integrity & Compliance Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization Forms » Cayuse FAQs *Search by clicking "Show All" (and use Ctrl + F to search keyword). Show All | Hide All Cayuse SP | Cayuse 424   Cayuse SP for electronic proposal routing Access How do I access Cayuse SP? Access Cayuse SP using Firefox web browser:  https://unt.cayuse424.com/. Log in with your EUID and password, and select the "Cayuse SP" Research Administration Module. I cannot log in / My login/password failed. If you are not able to log into Cayuse SP or if you received an authentication failure.  Please complete a Cayuse Access Request Form: https://forms.unt.edu/cayuse-request-form I already set up my Cayuse SP access, but cannot log back in / Access has been denied If you have successfully logged in before and are now having difficulty, please contact the following for support: EUID password / UNT Device support is handled by UNT Help Desk, please contact them directly at 940-565-2324 or via their website: https://www.unt.edu/helpdesk/   Cayuse IT Tech Support for verification of Cayuse Access or Cayuse issues, please send email with details to CayuseTechSupport@unt.edu General Questions What is Cayuse SP and what does it do for me? Cayuse Sponsored Projects (Cayuse SP) facilitates internal electronic routing of all sponsored project proposals, and replaces the previous paper and email routing process that used the UNT Routing Form.  Are the PI/Co-PI roles the same in Cayuse SP? Cayuse SP roles are:  Lead Principle Investigator (Lead PI), previously referred to as PI  Principle Investigator (PI), previously referred to as Co-PI            Does the Conflict of Interest (COI) page in Cayuse SP replace the UNT annual Significant Financial Interest Disclosure (SFID) form? No. The COI page in Cayuse SP is answered for each proposal separately. Each person on the research team must still complete the UNT Significant Financial Interest Disclosure (SFID) form at the beginning of each Fiscal Year. Visit the Research Integrity & Compliance website for more information about the SFID form and UNT Conflict of Interest policies.  My sponsor or subcontractor is not available in Cayuse SP, what do I do? If you cannot locate your sponsor, search again with keywords ‘Sponsor Not Found’, select ‘0_Sponsor Not Found_Contact OGCA to add in Cayuse’ and continue with your proposal. If you cannot locate your subcontractor, search again with keywords ‘Subcontractor Not Found’, select ‘0_Subcontractor Not Found_Contact OGCA to add in Cayuse’ continue with your proposal, and be sure to upload all subcontractor attachments.  What documents should be attached to my electronic proposal before routing? All proposals in Cayuse SP should include the following documents: Program Announcement/Application Guidelines (e.g., RFP), Budget Tool (in Excel), Budget Justification, and final proposal package. When applicable, please also attach: UNT Non-Standard F&A (IDC) Allocation form, cost share documents (budget, budget justification, and Cost Share Approval form), sponsor representations and certifications, subcontractor documents (letter of commitment, budget, budget justification, scope of work, and sub-recipient questionnaire), and UNT PI eligibility approval for any/all applicable persons. For more information or additional forms, please visit https://research.unt.edu/faculty-resources/forms  Routing and Approval What is the order of approval for electronic proposal routing in Cayuse SP? Proposal materials may be sent directly to OGCA without department and college review if the Principal Investigator/s certify on the proposal routing that they are not requesting from the department or college (i) any cost share or match, (ii) buy-out or release from teaching, (iii) new or renovated space, or (iv) modification of indirect cost (F&A/IDC) distribution. If the proposal notes or implies one or a combination of the four items above, department/s and college/s will be required to approve the proposal. Lead PI and other members of the Research Team certify the proposal Chair of each member of the Research Team Department approves Dean/Designee approves Office of Grants and Contracts Administration (OGCA) reviews for approvals If there is no cost share, no buy-out or course release, no new or renovated space, and standard F&A (IDC) distribution, how may I route my completed electronic proposal directly to OGCA through Cayuse SP? To route proposal materials directly to OGCA, SELECT ‘OGCA- Grant & Contract Admin’ as the *Award Admin Dept in the General Information section of the Cayuse SP electronic proposal record. After OGCA has electronically received the completed Cayuse SP proposal record, a GCS will change the *Award Admin Dept to show the PI’s home department. Is routing the electronic proposal through Cayuse SP the same action as the Principal Investigator/s certifying the proposal? No. After the proposal is submitted for routing in Cayuse SP, the system will send a notification to the Lead PI, and all other PIs, advising that each one must certify the proposal. I am a Lead PI or PI on a proposal, how do I certify the proposal? After a proposal has been submitted for routing, each PI receives a notification that he/she must certify the proposal. Each PI must log into Cayuse SP and click their ‘PI Certification Inbox’ (located on the Home page, under Certifications/Approvals) to access the proposal to be certified. Click on the proposal number, and certify the electronic proposal as a member of the Research Team. The Lead PI is the Chair, Dean or center Director, will he/she need to certify and then approve the proposal? Yes. When the Lead PI logs into Cayuse SP he/she will see a notification in both the ‘PI Certification Inbox’ and ‘Dept Approval Inbox’. First access the ‘PI Certification Inbox’ to certify the electronic proposal as a member of the Research Team, and then access the ‘Dept Approval Inbox’ and approve. If a PI has a dual appointment how is credit allocated to both departments? To allocate credit for Research Team members with dual appointments, add the faculty member to the Research Team twice. Once under his/her primary department, with the appropriate allocation of credit, and again under the secondary department, with the remaining allocation of credit. The split allocation of credit must be the same percentage split as the PI’s official UNT appointment.  May a PI submit an electronic proposal for routing in Cayuse SP?  Yes, a PI may submit an electronic proposal for routing in Cayuse SP.   Will all departmental approvers receive an email to complete the routing process in Cayuse SP? Yes. All approvers and members of the Research Team will receive an email notification to certify or approve the electronic proposal.  Cayuse 424 for Grants.gov only Access How do I access Cayuse 424? Access Cayuse SP using Firefox web browser: https://unt.cayuse424.com/. Log in with your EUID and password, and select the “Cayuse 424” Research Administration Module. I cannot log in / My login/password failed. If you are not able to log into Cayuse 424 or if you received an authentication failure, please complete a Cayuse Access Request Form: https://forms.unt.edu/cayuse-request-form I already set up my Cayuse 424 access, but cannot log back in / Access has been denied If you have successfully logged in before and are now having difficulty, please contact the following for support:  EUID password / UNT Device support is handled by UNT Help Desk, please contact them directly at 940-565-2324 or via their website: https://www.unt.edu/helpdesk/   Cayuse IT Tech Support for verification of Cayuse Access or Cayuse issues, please send email with details to CayuseTechSupport@unt.edu General Questions What documents should be attached to my Cayuse 424 proposal? Each proposals in Cayuse 424 must include the required attachments based on the opportunity. For more information please contact your Grants and Contracts Specialist (GCS). Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Hurley Admin Building, Room 210 Mail Us Office of Research and Innovation 1155 Union Circle P.O. Box 310979 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-369-7428 UNTResearch@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 