 tams   admissions apply How to Apply Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions apply How to Apply Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions apply How to Apply Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions apply How to Apply Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions apply How to Apply Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions apply How to Apply Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions apply How to Apply Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions apply How to Apply Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions apply How to Apply Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions apply How to Apply Texas Academy of Mathematics Science  How to Apply | Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ Academics » Academics Academic Program Academic Advising College Advising Summer Mathematics Institute Graduation 2017 » Graduation 2017 2017 Graduation Cards Seminar Schedule Academic Forms » Academic Forms CEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student Life » Student Life Wall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) Research » Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring Program » Alumni Mentoring Program AMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni Counseling » Counseling Personal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Search form Search Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Main menu Home AdmissionsAbout TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ AcademicsAcademic Program Academic Advising College Advising Graduation 20172017 Graduation Cards Summer Mathematics Institute Seminar Schedule Academic FormsCEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student LifeWall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) ResearchSummer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring ProgramAMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni CounselingPersonal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ How to Apply Online Application Preview the application Your application requires: All documents must be submitted as attachments in .pdf format. Your school’s CEEB code obtained from your counselor. (This 6-digit school ID is assigned by the College Entrance Examination Board). Your Education Service Center number. Names and district numbers of your state (not U.S.) Senator and Representative. Call your county voter registration office or contact Who Represents Me? Transcripts (report cards/grade reports/course records) are required for grades 7 through 10. Tenth grade transcripts will necessarily be incomplete.  Grades and transcripts must be submitted to TAMS Admissions, they should NOT be submitted to UNT. Submit sophomore scores from the redesigned (new) SAT comprising math and verbal sections. Only official scores subitted from College Board will be considered (designate SAT code 6481 for UNT receipt).  See Eligibility for SAT details. Download forms: Student and Parents should submit the Waiver of Access first as applications without Waivers of Access will not be reviewed.  Your Status Page will indicate whether your waiver was received. Once receipt is confirmed, ask teachers to complete the evaluation corresponding to your access declaration (i.e. Waived or Not Waived).  Evaluations that do not match the student/parent waiver election will not be considered. Teacher Evaluation Forms (use the "Submit" button on the form only if you use Outlook as your mail client, otherwise save the form and attach it in an email to tamsadmissions@unt.edu) (Applicant Access Waived) Counselor or Pricipal Evaluation (Not Waived) (Applicant Access Waived) Math Teacher Evaluation (Not Waived) (Applicant Access Waived) English Teacher Evaluation (Not Waived) (Applicant Access Waived) Science Teacher Evaluation (Not Waived)   Residency Questionnaire Submit your completed application before submitting supporting documents, which may be sent separately (preferred) or bundled. Orphaned documents - those submitted prior to applications - will delay processing. Confirm that items have been received on your Status Page. Since applications peak at deadlines, allow 1-3 days for postings during high volume periods. Apply:  Online Application Submit completed application and supporting documents for early- or regular decision by, respectively, December 10, 2016 or February 25, 2017 either by email or postal mail: Email: tamsadmissions@unt.edu UNT / TAMS Admissions / 1155 Union Circle #305309 / Denton, TX / 76203-5017 Financial Aid Almost a third of academy students receive financial assistance to cover housing expenses. Details: Financial Aid Another unsolicited letter: "TAMS was a wonderful experience for our daughter. Frankly, I don't know what we would have done without it. Early admission to UT Austin would not have been an equal alternative. Emily is very successful and happy at Stanford University."   Applications Processing Applications are processed by the administrative coordinator who collates transcripts, scores, references, and other required documents into individual application files. The admissions director then evaluates applications holistically. Applications deemed competitive will be sent to the selection committee. The selection committee is comprised of professionals, academics, alumni, and alumni parents who make admission recommendations with input from TAMS departments, staffs, and assistants. The director will then extend official admission offers.   Admissions Office Dr. Brent M. Jones Director of Admissions Assistant Dean Mrs. Laura Beauchamp Administrative Coordinator Applications Processing 1-800-241-TAMS (8267)   * What is the Clery Act and how do I view annual reports about campus safety? Visit Us McConnell Hall 1705 W Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us TAMS 1155 Union Circle #305309 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3606 tamsadmissions@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 05, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links 