s research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse help Cayuse Help Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse help Cayuse Help Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse help Cayuse Help Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse help Cayuse Help Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse help Cayuse Help Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse help Cayuse Help Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse help Cayuse Help Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse help Cayuse Help Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse help Cayuse Help Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration proposal submission cayuse help Cayuse Help Research and Innovation  Cayuse Help | Research and Innovation Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty Resources » Faculty Resources MC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts Administration » Office of Grants & Contracts Administration Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) » Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) Step 1 : Request a Grants and Contracts Specialist (GCS) Step 2 : Electronic proposal routing / Cayuse SP Step 3 : Optional for Grants.gov only / Cayuse 424 Cayuse FAQs Cayuse Help Cayuse Contacts Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) Guidelines Limited Submissions Process » Limited Submissions Process Limited Submissions Funding Opportunities FAQ Research Integrity & Compliance » Research Integrity & Compliance Use of Humans in Research (IRB) Use of Animals in Research (IACUC) Financial Conflict of Interest Export Controls Research Integrity Research Misconduct Federal Regulations Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization About Us » About Us Reports & Statistics » Reports & Statistics Previous Fiscal Years Current Fiscal Year Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People Search form Search Research and Innovation MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of Research and Innovation Research and Innovation Main menu Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty ResourcesMC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts AdministrationPrepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing)Step 1 : Request a Grants and Contracts Specialist (GCS) Step 2 : Electronic proposal routing / Cayuse SP Step 3 : Optional for Grants.gov only / Cayuse 424 Cayuse FAQs Cayuse Help Cayuse Contacts Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) Guidelines Limited Submissions Process FAQ Research Integrity & Compliance Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization About UsReports & Statistics Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People Faculty Resources MC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts AdministrationPrepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing)Step 1 : Request a Grants and Contracts Specialist (GCS) Step 2 : Electronic proposal routing / Cayuse SP Step 3 : Optional for Grants.gov only / Cayuse 424 Cayuse FAQs Cayuse Help Cayuse Contacts Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) Guidelines Limited Submissions Process FAQ Research Integrity & Compliance Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization Forms » Cayuse Help Cayuse SP for electronic proposal routing Cayuse SP provides a single point of entry for proposal data and any documents that are required for internal review. It does not, however, link directly to sponsor websites, nor does it change the way that proposals are submitted, whether through Cayuse 424, a sponsor website, email, or paper. The Cayuse SP module is used for proposal routing prior to proposal submission. Cayuse SP is designed to manage research operations and provide a framework to track and report on sponsored program activities. It is essentially an electronic routing system for proposal review and approvals and replaces UNT's paper Routing Form for approvals.  Cayuse SP in 3 easy steps. (Download the easy steps: HERE)  Step  1: Log into Cayuse SP a.  Complete Pre-Check List b.  Open Firefox Browser c.  Enter your Cayuse URL:  https://unt.cayuse424.com d.  Enter your EUID and Password.  Click SIGN IN. The Password is your password associated with your UNT EUID. EUID user password resets are handled by completing a request at https://ams.unt.edu/ or by contacting UNT System Service Desk at 940-565-4357 or via email to ithelp@untsystem.edu. e.  Users can access the Cayuse SP module from the main landing page.  Step  2: "Select New Proposal" & Complete General Information (also submit a Request a Grants and Contracts Specialist to have a GCS assigned to the Proposal) To create a new proposal file for your electronic proposal routing in Cayuse SP, click Start New Proposal located under the Proposal Dashboard (Home page) or under the My Dashboard menu bar. The screen changes to a General Information page for the proposal. Complete the General Information page, including sponsor, project dates, sponsor deadline, title, and administrative information. After entering the basic information about the proposal, click Save at the bottom of the page.   You will notice after saving the new proposal that the left of the page changes to an Item List for quick and easy navigation to all parts of the Cayuse SP proposal. Your proposal number is located at the top of the Item List. **Submit a "Request for Grants and Contracts Specialist" form to have a GCS assigned to your proposal.  Step  3: Proceed or Logout After completing the General Information page, clicking Save, and obtaining your Proposal Number, you may proceed to complete the remaining information in Cayuse or log out, and return later to complete it. Your proposal will be saved for editing later or you may choose to continue editing. For proposals to be submitted outside of Cayuse 424, complete your proposal package outside of Cayuse 424, and upload as attachments to route electronically for internal review and approval. For Grants.gov proposals, on the Cayuse SP General Information page, select the option "pair with a Cayuse 424 proposal".   Cayuse 424 for Grants.gov only Cayuse 424 enables users to download funding opportunities into an editable format, copy proposals, save partial proposal work in a central location, auto-populate data, and share proposals, and run pre-submission validations. Cayuse 424 streamlines development, collaboration, and electronic submission of Grants.gov proposals. You may easily locate funding opportunities and complete proposal application packages. Access the document below for how to create a proposal using Cayuse 424.  Cayuse 424 in 10 easy steps (Download the easy steps: HERE)  Step  1: Log into Cayuse 424 a.  Complete Pre-Check List b.  Open Firefox Browser c.  Enter your Cayuse 424 URL:  https://unt.cayuse424.com d.  Enter your EUID and Password.  Click SIGN IN. The Password is your password associated with your UNT EUID. EUID user password resets are handled by completing request at https://ams.unt.edu/ or contacting UNT System Service Desk at 940-565-4357 or send email to ithelp@untsystem.edu.  Step  2: Set up or update your Professional Profile Professional Profiles have been set up under the People tab for all current PIs.  It is your responsibility to keep your profile updated.  Only you have access to change your profile information, unless you grant permission to others. You may upload and store multiple biosketches in your Professional Profile.  Any PI without a Professional Profile must create one prior to starting a grant application.  Key persons and other significant contributors must have a Professional Profile as well. Please update your Profile so that it is current (contact, address, etc.). Navigation: Log in, Cayuse 424 module, People tab, type your last name and search, click on your name, and follow left menu of areas to update your Professional Profile.  Step  3: Find an Opportunity The Opportunities tab displays a list of federal funding Opportunities that have been downloaded into Cayuse 424 from Grants.gov.  To retrieve an Opportunity from Grants.gov, you must know the Opportunity Number or CFDA Number.  Once you have one of these numbers: a.  On the Opportunities tab, click Download Opportunities box. b.  Enter the Opportunity Number or CFDA Number. c.  Click Download Opportunities. Click the Opportunity Details icon to the left of the Opportunity Number for more information about the Opportunity.  Click the Create Proposal icon to create a proposal using that Opportunity.  Step  4: Create your proposal Users should always start Proposals in Cayuse SP. Additionally, there are two ways to create a proposal directly in Cayuse 424: (a) On the Opportunities tab, click the Create Proposal     icon to the left of an Opportunity; or (b) On the Proposals tab, click Create Proposal at the top of the screen. Per OGCA policy, name the Proposal as follows:  [PI Last Name]-[PI First Name]; For Example: D'Souza, Frank  Step  5: Grant proposal permissions to the appropriate people The proposal creator is automatically granted full permissions to the proposal. The proposal creator is the only user that can initially grant proposal permissions to other users.  As the proposal creator, you must grant the appropriate permissions to other users who require access to the proposal, including other principal investigators and department administrators.  Step  6: Complete the forms and attach necessary documents All forms in the Opportunity are located in the navigation bar on the left side of the screen. Mandatory forms are automatically checked and cannot be unchecked.  Optional forms may be checked if you wish to submit those forms to the sponsor.  Step  7: Build the budget Check your proposal solicitation for specific budgetary requirements (i.e., whether to build a detailed budget, modular budget, or subaward budget).  You may specify up to ten (10) budget periods.  Cayuse 424 performs budget calculations after you enter salary, personnel effort, fringe benefits, and other required amounts.  Cayuse 424 can also perform cost replication and escalation for all budget categories.  Step  8: Check for errors and warnings in the Proposal Cayuse 424 keeps a running list of errors and warnings.  Errors reflect problems that  will impose a hard-stop rejection at Grants.gov or the funding agency.  Errors must be corrected prior to submitting the proposal.  Warnings are not critical, but they may cause a proposal to be rejected from the funding agency. Items labeled “Info” are tips and recommendations from Cayuse; they will not prevent the proposal from being submitted. Click the Error / Warning / Info button at the bottom of the Proposal to display the validations panel. Click the hyperlink in the validation message to be taken to the field in question. Cayuse 424 will highlight the field that contains the error or warning. The number of Error / Warning / Info messages decreases as you correct the issues.  Step  9: Validate Proposal Run final validation check and Validate Proposal in Cayuse 424. Then complete Cayuse SP process and Submit for Routing in Cayuse SP.  This will LOCK your Proposal in Cayuse 424 and KICKOFF routing in Cayuse SP for approvals. These actions update the status of your Proposal. Prior to clicking Run Validation Check in Cayuse 424, complete items 1-3 in any order:Cayuse 424 process check 1.  completed the required forms 2.  uploaded documents 3.  fixed all errors or warnings 4.  Validate Proposal After clicking Validate Proposal in Cayuse 424, navigate to Cayuse SP to review and complete the SP process, complete items 1-3 in any order:Cayuse SP process check 1.  completed the required sections 2.  uploaded documents 3.  received green checks in all sections of Proposal 4.  Verified Approving Depts/Routing chain 5.  Added any optional submission notes 6.  Submit for Routing (approval routing). By clicking Submit for Routing in SP, the system generates an email requesting each PI to Certify the Proposal.  The email will include a link for each to connect to their PI Certification Inbox.   Upon routed approvals from the Routing Chain, OGCA will then review proposal for submission. You will receive emails for status updates, but at any time Routing and Proposal Status are available under your My Proposals, Submitted Proposals section.  Step 10: Track your proposal after it’s submitted to Grants.gov. When the proposal is submitted, a Grants.gov tracking number is recorded in the Proposal Submission History.  Click the Submission icon     to view the Grants.gov tracking number, date and time of receipt, and submitter. The Office of Grants & Contracts Administration receives a series of emails from Grants.gov indicating receipt and acceptance or rejection of the application. The PI receives an email regarding the status of the proposal. Sometimes this email requests the PI to review and approve the proposal on the funding agency website.   Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Hurley Admin Building, Room 210 Mail Us Office of Research and Innovation 1155 Union Circle P.O. Box 310979 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-369-7428 UNTResearch@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 