 tams   admissions about About TAMS Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions about About TAMS Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions about About TAMS Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions about About TAMS Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions about About TAMS Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions about About TAMS Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions about About TAMS Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions about About TAMS Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions about About TAMS Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions about About TAMS Texas Academy of Mathematics Science  About TAMS | Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ Academics » Academics Academic Program Academic Advising College Advising Summer Mathematics Institute Graduation 2017 » Graduation 2017 2017 Graduation Cards Seminar Schedule Academic Forms » Academic Forms CEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student Life » Student Life Wall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) Research » Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring Program » Alumni Mentoring Program AMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni Counseling » Counseling Personal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Search form Search Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Main menu Home AdmissionsAbout TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ AcademicsAcademic Program Academic Advising College Advising Graduation 20172017 Graduation Cards Summer Mathematics Institute Seminar Schedule Academic FormsCEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student LifeWall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) ResearchSummer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring ProgramAMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni CounselingPersonal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ About TAMS TAMS is a two-year program (grades 11 & 12) for high-ability students considering STEM careers. Students pay no tuition, book costs, or fees for fall and spring semester classes. TAMS is not in session during the summer. After two years, students will have earned 57 or more college credits and may continue their education at UNT, or transfer to other universities in state or out, usually at advanced standing. Enrollment At capacity, 374 first- and second-year TAMS students enroll on a campus of over 37,000 students. Academy students are housed in McConnell Hall with 55% male and 45% female enrollment. Females are strongly encouraged to apply. Visiting Visitors are welcome on Preview Days and Spend-A-Days. An unsolicited letter: "As parents, we have had mixed emotions about turning a 16 year-old girl 'loose' on a college campus three hundred miles from home. We came away from Preview Day more convinced than ever that the TAMS experience would be a rich, rewarding, positive one for our daughter and for the rest of our family." Preview Day Preview Days are for parents, educators, and students in grades 7–10. Gather details on the curriculum and research opportunities, meet staff and students, and tour the residence hall and facilities, including a $25 million Student Recreation Center with state-of-the-art fitness equipment, game courts, swimming pool, and climbing wall. To ensure a seat, Register for Preview Day by noon the day prior. Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday September 17, 2016 October 8, 2016 November 12, 2016 March 4, 2016 8:00AM - 12:30PM 8:00AM - 12:30PM 8:00AM - 12:30PM 8:00AM - 12:30PM The March 4 Preview Day is recommended for families and students in grades 7 through 9. Spend-A-Day Prospective students are encouraged to shadow TAMS students to classes, meals, and recreation. Spend-A-Days are on the day preceding each Preview Day. You may also Spend-A-Day preceding your assigned interview. Interview Day attendance is by invitation only. Register for Spend-A-Day a week in advance of Interview- or Preview Day to allow pairing with TAMS student ambassadors (available soon). Interview Day Select applicants are invited to campus for interviews. Candidates will also take multiple-choice Algebra I and II tests. Sample questions with answer key will have been provided in advance. Do not bring calculators. Interview Days Location Saturday, January 21, 2017 - Early Decision Lyceum, University Union Saturday, March 25, 2017 - Regular Decision Lyceum, University Union Practice Algebra I and II skills prior to receiving sample tests: Math Practice Exam An unsolicited letter: Our daughter Margaret is now happily settled at the University of Texas at Austin. So many credits transferred from TAMS that after only one semester at UT, she'll be classified a senior! Margaret gained tremendously from being at TAMS. She matured in a challenging, vital atmosphere. We so appreciate, too, such an opportunity at very little cost to us. In the words of a friend at the University of Michigan, "What a deal!" Visit Us McConnell Hall 1705 W Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us TAMS 1155 Union Circle #305309 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3606 tamsadmissions@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 05, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links 