 tams   admissions eligibility Eligibility Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions eligibility Eligibility Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions eligibility Eligibility Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions eligibility Eligibility Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions eligibility Eligibility Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions eligibility Eligibility Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions eligibility Eligibility Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions eligibility Eligibility Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions eligibility Eligibility Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions eligibility Eligibility Texas Academy of Mathematics Science  Eligibility | Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ Academics » Academics Academic Program Academic Advising College Advising Summer Mathematics Institute Graduation 2017 » Graduation 2017 2017 Graduation Cards Seminar Schedule Academic Forms » Academic Forms CEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student Life » Student Life Wall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) Research » Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring Program » Alumni Mentoring Program AMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni Counseling » Counseling Personal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Search form Search Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Main menu Home AdmissionsAbout TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ AcademicsAcademic Program Academic Advising College Advising Graduation 20172017 Graduation Cards Summer Mathematics Institute Seminar Schedule Academic FormsCEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student LifeWall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) ResearchSummer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring ProgramAMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni CounselingPersonal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ Eligibility Must be a Texas resident. * Must be a high school sophomore. In rare cases, competitive ninth-graders may be considered, but sophomores retain priority. Submit sophomore scores from the redesigned (new) SAT comprising math and verbal sections. The essay portion is optional and if submitted will be considered. If taking multiple SATs, the highest M+V score from a single administration will count. Designate SAT code 6481 for UNT receipt (only official scores, submitted from College Board will be considered). Scores from the old SAT (three 800-point sections) will be accepted only if taken within calendar 2016. Observe the College Board registration and test dates. Any SAT taken after November 5th, 2016 (early decision) or January 21, 2017 (regular decision) will not meet our deadlines. Applications without official SAT scores will not be considered. Since the highest score counts, consider testing early enough that even scores from a retest would meet our final deadline. Evaluations from 9th or 10th grade math, science, and English teachers, and from a counselor or principal are required on provided forms. As a courtesy, request evaluations two weeks in advance, and convey your appreciation. Transcripts (report cards / grade reports / course records) are required for grades 7 through 10. Tenth grade transcripts will necessarily be incomplete. Arrange to complete Geometry, Algebra I, and Algebra II by the end of the sophomore year. At least one official Algebra II grade report must be submitted with the application. Interviews Selected applicants will be invited for interviews. Admission favors applicants whose grades, scores, and evaluations suggest students are thriving in rigorous sophomore or higher level math and science classes and extracurricular activities. The availability of school options is taken into consideration. Although no predetermined score has been established to qualify for an interview, the likelihood of being invited increases or decreases as follows: Save a copy of your completed application and documents.  Institutional copies are not saved indefinitely. * For non-US citizens, TAMS requires green cards and Texas residency status. Residency is based upon the parent or court appointed legal guardian.  Non-US citizens must provide copies of their Permanent Resident (green) cards.  Applicants who have applied for Permanent Residency may furnish copies of the i-797 Notice of Action reflecting application for the parent and TAMS applicant.  Some parents and applicants with select visa types may also be eligible for Texas Residency.   Visit Us McConnell Hall 1705 W Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us TAMS 1155 Union Circle #305309 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3606 tamsadmissions@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 05, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links 