 tams   admissions fin aid Financial Aid Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions fin aid Financial Aid Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions fin aid Financial Aid Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions fin aid Financial Aid Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions fin aid Financial Aid Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions fin aid Financial Aid Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions fin aid Financial Aid Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions fin aid Financial Aid Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions fin aid Financial Aid Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions fin aid Financial Aid Texas Academy of Mathematics Science  Financial Aid | Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ Academics » Academics Academic Program Academic Advising College Advising Summer Mathematics Institute Graduation 2017 » Graduation 2017 2017 Graduation Cards Seminar Schedule Academic Forms » Academic Forms CEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student Life » Student Life Wall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) Research » Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring Program » Alumni Mentoring Program AMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni Counseling » Counseling Personal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Search form Search Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Main menu Home AdmissionsAbout TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ AcademicsAcademic Program Academic Advising College Advising Graduation 20172017 Graduation Cards Summer Mathematics Institute Seminar Schedule Academic FormsCEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student LifeWall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) ResearchSummer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring ProgramAMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni CounselingPersonal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ Financial Aid To cover housing expenses, academy students may be eligible for federal and state grants and loans. Approximately 30% of academy students receive financial assistance in addition to the TAMS scholarship (tuition, fees, and books), which is awarded to all academy students. Applicants seeking financial assistance may encounter three different forms -- FAFSA, SAR, and an Eligibility Notice, described below. ​Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) Parents of students invited to interview are urged to complete a FAFSA as soon as possible. This form is included as part of each applicant's interview packet or can be obtained through your high school counselor's office. You can also apply through FAFSA On The Web. From the information submitted, the U.S. Department of Education will determine the expected family contribution for room, board, and related expenses. Do not check "yes" on the item asking if you require a student loan, since that amount could be deducted from your grant aid package. If you need a loan after receiving your Eligibility Notice (which reflects all federal and state awards and any unmet need), apply in writing at that time through the UNT Financial Aid Office. Student Aid Report (SAR) Following submission of the FAFSA, the Department of Education will produce a SAR, which reflects the student's eligibility for a Federal Pell Grant. Your SAR is sent to the UNT Financial Aid Office at the same time you are sent your copy. Your SAR may state that you need to add or correct information on the form. If so, make corrections then resubmit so your awards (if eligible) can be processed.   Eligibility Notice The methodology for calculating state grants is determined by the cost of education at UNT minus the family contribution, Federal Pell Grant (if awarded), and the TAMS scholarship for tuition, fees, and books. This amount is known as "unmet need". An Eligibility Notice from UNT announcing the aid package will then be issued. If there is an "unmet need", the academy has funds (depending on the level of funding from the Texas Legislature) to award room and board scholarships to cover a percentage of this amount. Questions? Contact the UNT Financial Aid Office regarding FAFSA, SAR, or loans. For questions about "unmet need" call Rose Preston at (940) 565-2437. Visit Us McConnell Hall 1705 W Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us TAMS 1155 Union Circle #305309 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3606 tamsadmissions@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 05, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links 