 tams   admissions faq FAQ Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions faq FAQ Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions faq FAQ Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions faq FAQ Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions faq FAQ Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions faq FAQ Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions faq FAQ Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions faq FAQ Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions faq FAQ Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   admissions faq FAQ Texas Academy of Mathematics Science  FAQ | Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ Academics » Academics Academic Program Academic Advising College Advising Summer Mathematics Institute Graduation 2017 » Graduation 2017 2017 Graduation Cards Seminar Schedule Academic Forms » Academic Forms CEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student Life » Student Life Wall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) Research » Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring Program » Alumni Mentoring Program AMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni Counseling » Counseling Personal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Search form Search Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Main menu Home AdmissionsAbout TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ AcademicsAcademic Program Academic Advising College Advising Graduation 20172017 Graduation Cards Summer Mathematics Institute Seminar Schedule Academic FormsCEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student LifeWall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) ResearchSummer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring ProgramAMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni CounselingPersonal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ FAQ Should I apply for Early or Regular Decision? Under either scenario, applicants may be admitted, not admitted, or waitlisted. Early Decision admits receive offers 8 or more weeks sooner than Regular Decision admits. Candidates wait-listed during Early Decision will be automatically reconsidered during Regular Decision. In the meantime, they will have opportunities to enhance their files with new honors, grades, awards, or references. Regular Decision waitlisted candidates will have much less time to improve their profiles before final decisions are rendered. How much do the various requirements count, e.g., SAT, teacher and counselor references, transcripts, and interviews? No pre-determined weights are assigned to any file elements, and no formulas or computer programs are used to select students.   Candidates are evaluated case-by-case and the odds of admissions cannot be estimated without reviewing the entire file. Admission will be based not only on scores and transcripts, but also on motivation, maturity, career interest, interviews, algebra tests, teacher and counselor evaluations, and behavioral record. What if I attend a school that does not offer pre-AP or Honors classes? Candidates should take the most challenging courses available for sophomores at their schools.  Pre-AP, AP, and Honors courses are not prerequisites since they are not offered universally.  Candidates from schools not offering pre-AP will not be penalized, but they must perform well in courses that are available. Students from larger schools that do offer pre-AP and enriched courses should take advantage. Are home-schooled students admitted? Yes, but they may require additional screening. May I apply as a non-U.S. citizen? Students who have Permanent Resident Cards or the I-797 Notice of Action approving permanent residency are eligible to apply. Some students with select visa types are eligible for admissions consideration provided English proficiency can be demonstrated. Inquire: tamsadmissions@unt.edu. How do credits transfer? TAMS Credits Transfer Visit Us McConnell Hall 1705 W Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us TAMS 1155 Union Circle #305309 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3606 tamsadmissions@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 05, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links 