 tams   academics academic advising Academic Advising Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics academic advising Academic Advising Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics academic advising Academic Advising Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics academic advising Academic Advising Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics academic advising Academic Advising Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics academic advising Academic Advising Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics academic advising Academic Advising Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics academic advising Academic Advising Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics academic advising Academic Advising Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics academic advising Academic Advising Texas Academy of Mathematics Science  Academic Advising | Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ Academics » Academics Academic Program Academic Advising College Advising Summer Mathematics Institute Graduation 2017 » Graduation 2017 2017 Graduation Cards Seminar Schedule Academic Forms » Academic Forms CEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student Life » Student Life Wall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) Research » Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring Program » Alumni Mentoring Program AMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni Counseling » Counseling Personal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Search form Search Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Main menu Home AdmissionsAbout TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ AcademicsAcademic Program Academic Advising College Advising Graduation 20172017 Graduation Cards Summer Mathematics Institute Seminar Schedule Academic FormsCEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student LifeWall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) ResearchSummer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring ProgramAMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni CounselingPersonal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Academics Academic Program Academic Advising College Advising Graduation 20172017 Graduation Cards Summer Mathematics Institute Seminar Schedule Academic FormsCEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Academic Advising The Academic Advising Program is designed to provide academic support and assistance to students enrolled at the Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science.  Services may include, but are not limited to, one-on-one meetings to assist students with the development of skills related to time management and personal study habits. The academic advisors work closely with students regarding an overall assessment of academic progress and the assignment of tutoring services when needed.  The academic advisors also function as liaisons with the UNT faculty members who teach TAMS students to obtain grades, attendance records, and other course related requirements. The Academic Advising Program coordinates the Summer Math Institute during the summer.  For more information regarding this program, please visit Summer Math Institute. Wendy Boyd-Brown If you have academic questions regarding the TAMS class of 2018, please contact Wendy Boyd-Brown at wendy.boyd-brown@unt.edu Wendy has been an academic advisor with the TAMS program since 2001. Although she has lived in Texas for the past 21 years, she still calls North Carolina home. She believes that working with students is what she was meant to do in life. She received a BA in Sociology and a Master of Public Affairs degree from North Carolina State University during the Dark Ages. Before moving to Texas, she taught at a small university in North Carolina. She also worked as a pre-business advisor at SMU for three years, before coming to UNT. She worked as counselor in the College of Arts and Sciences at UNT before embarking on her journey here at TAMS. She says that working with students keeps her young at heart. Wendy is married and has a daughter who attends SMU and another furry daughter, a schnauzer named Sophie, who still lives at home. Wendy is referred to by many as a “girly girl” and/or “diva.” She doesn’t quite understand why people think of her this way. Does loving the color pink, having a strong dislike for anything that slides, crawls, or slithers, refusing to lift or carry heavy things, hating to sweat, and insisting on having everything around her spotless and clean make her a diva? In her free time, Wendy enjoys spending time with her family, putting together jigsaw puzzles, dancing, eating chocolate, and collecting elephants. Sam Earls If you have academic questions regarding the TAMS class of 2017, please contact Samuel Earls at Samuel.Earls@unt.edu Sam began his tenure at TAMS in September of 2014, but he is no stranger to life in a residential STEM program. Before joining the academic staff at TAMS, Sam was a Residential Counselor for three years at the Gatton Academy of Mathematics and Science in his hometown of Bowling Green, Kentucky. During his time at Gatton and now at TAMS, Sam has loved being immersed in an environment filled with fun, hard-working students who constantly yearn for knowledge and growth. His passion for the field led Sam to begin pursuing a PhD in Educational Psychology with a concentration in Gifted and Talented Education, a journey which he embarked on in January 2015. While working at Gatton, Sam earned his Master’s in Student Affairs (Higher Education) from Western Kentucky University. Sam earned his B.A. in History from Vanderbilt University where he enjoyed the following activities: playing trumpet in marching band and pep band, participating in as many intramural sports as possible, serving and learning through Alternative Spring Break, engaging in late-night philosophical/religious conversations, turning classrooms into movie theaters, jamming out on Rockband, and fighting beside his roommate (virtually) in Halo 3 shootouts. When Sam isn’t tending to the academic needs of his students, he can often be found teaching Calculus II to gifted and talented aardvarks, playing ultimate Frisbee, cruising around town on his Segway, reading a sci-fi or fantasy book, reviving Abstract Expressionism, settling Catan, studying Parisian street mimes, watching too much Netflix, locating Bobby Fischer, attempting to venture to every state in the U.S., re-enacting scenes from Matlock, eating food that isn’t meat, finding a use for his appendix, recycling, marveling at the sheer size of the blue whale, enjoying cheese more than he should, scaling ant hills, avoiding elevators, dropping it as if it were hot, and writing excessively long autobiographies that are only half true. Although he ultimately identifies with Team Jacob, Sam often wonders why everybody can’t just get along. Visit Us McConnell Hall 1705 W Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us TAMS 1155 Union Circle #305309 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3606 tamsadmissions@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 05, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links 