 tams   academics college counseling College Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics college counseling College Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics college counseling College Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics college counseling College Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics college counseling College Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics college counseling College Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics college counseling College Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics college counseling College Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics college counseling College Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics college counseling College Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science  College Counseling | Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ Academics » Academics Academic Program Academic Advising College Advising Summer Mathematics Institute Graduation 2017 » Graduation 2017 2017 Graduation Cards Seminar Schedule Academic Forms » Academic Forms CEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student Life » Student Life Wall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) Research » Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring Program » Alumni Mentoring Program AMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni Counseling » Counseling Personal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Search form Search Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Main menu Home AdmissionsAbout TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ AcademicsAcademic Program Academic Advising College Advising Graduation 20172017 Graduation Cards Summer Mathematics Institute Seminar Schedule Academic FormsCEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student LifeWall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) ResearchSummer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring ProgramAMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni CounselingPersonal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Academics Academic Program Academic Advising College Advising Graduation 20172017 Graduation Cards Summer Mathematics Institute Seminar Schedule Academic FormsCEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template College Counseling College Advising Forms  |  Letters of Recommendation  |  Fee Waiver Form  |  TAMS Credits Transfer College Advisor Sharon Vann College Advisor, Sage Hall 229C 940-565-4683Sharon.Vann@unt.edu Family Connection Keep up with your child's college applications, college visits and counselor's newsletters. Family Connection College Advising Forms Below are the forms that will be used in your college advising process. They are in Microsoft Word format so that you may download them, fill them in and return them by e-mail to Sharon.Vann@unt.edu Confidentiality: This information is treated as confidential and is only used for the college admissions and recommendation writing process. We use this information to add depth and character to our letters of recommendation. They help us more accurately relay your personality, strengths and your passions to the colleges. Parent Assessment Form Personal Information Summary Peer Reference Form Due by June 30th This form should be completed by a parent or guardian. Click the link to open the Word Form. Please email the completed document to me as an attachment and save a copy for yourself. Due by June 10th This should be completed by the student. Please take your time, consider your answers, and be honest with yourself and us. Save it in the following format: PIDoe,JaneA.doc The PI indicates that it is a Personal Information Summary form. The rest is your last name, first name and middle initial (if applicable). Due by May 30th This should be completed by a friend of the student. Ask a friend to open the form, complete it, save it and return it by e-mail. It should be saved in the following format: PRDoe,Jane.doc The PR indicates that it is a Peer Reference Form. The rest is your last name and first name. Parent Assessment Personal Info.doc Peer Reference.doc I Statement Form Guidelines for Applications   Due by April 30th This form should be completed by the student. Click the link to open the Word Form. Please email the competed document to me as an attachment and save a copy for yourself. College Application Process Presented at Junior Seminar by Sharon Vann   I Statement Guidelines for College Applications     Back to top Letters of Recommendation: Are you wondering how to ask your professors for letters of recommendations?  Are you wondering how to go about asking them?  Click on the link to see a sample letter that you may use when asking for letters from your instructors.  Please allow a minimum of 2 weeks when requesting recommendations from anyone. You should also remember to send thank you notes to anyone you have asked letters of recommendations from.  Just a simple note of appreciation informing them of the college or university that you have decided to attend. Letter of Recommendation Request ExampleLetter of Recommendation Request for Professor Inman Resume Examples Here are samples of two academic resumes.  These are just examples to get you started.  You may use any format you wish.  Try to keep the resume to no more than 2 pages. Resume Example 1  |  Resume Example 2 Fee Waiver Form Fee Waiver Guidelines & Request Form   TAMS Credits Transfer Please keep in mind that the TAMS program was not designed to take the place of two years of credit at an Ivy League school – it was designed to help talented students in Texas move through the Texas university system faster to fill needs in the Texas workplace. It is a Texas program, funded with state funds, designed to benefit the state. TAMS students withdraw from high school and become early college entrants to the University of North Texas, with the major of “TAMS”. Consequently, they generate a regular college transcript, as would any other UNT student. TAMS students do not take “college level courses,” but actual college classes, taught by the regular faculty. In-state public universities (UT, A&M, Texas Tech, etc.) must accept all credit from UNT, by law. The credits may not apply to your student's major, depending on what they choose, but it will transfer. The GPA does not transfer anywhere, just the credit. Out-of-state public universities (UC Berkeley, etc.) generally accept most or all of the credit. Again, the credit may not fill the requirements for some degrees. In-state private universities (Rice, Baylor, Austin College, etc.) vary in their credit acceptance. Credit is often transferred on an individual basis and may depend on what classes the student completed at their previous high school. In many cases, even if the school does not accept credit, the student can request advanced standing so that they do not have to repeat a course but can take another higher-level course in the subject to fulfill specific requirements. Out-of-state private universities vary quite a bit. The Ivy League (Harvard, Yale, etc.) do not accept large amounts of transfer credit from ANY source, including AP and IB credits. Plan on paying four years' tuition for most of these schools. Some schools will accept a maximum of 12 credit hours. Some schools will only accept transfer of credit for elective courses NOT required for graduation. Some do not accept any credit at all. Again, some schools will award advanced standing so that a student does not have to repeat classes. In general, it is best to contact the admissions office of the school in question and speak to the admissions officer that deals with Texas. Others in the office will not be as familiar with TAMS and may not be able to answer the question. Visit Us McConnell Hall 1705 W Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us TAMS 1155 Union Circle #305309 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3606 tamsadmissions@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 05, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links 