 tams   academics graduation TAMS Graduation 2017 Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics graduation TAMS Graduation 2017 Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics graduation TAMS Graduation 2017 Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics graduation TAMS Graduation 2017 Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics graduation TAMS Graduation 2017 Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics graduation TAMS Graduation 2017 Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics graduation TAMS Graduation 2017 Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics graduation TAMS Graduation 2017 Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics graduation TAMS Graduation 2017 Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   academics graduation TAMS Graduation 2017 Texas Academy of Mathematics Science  TAMS Graduation 2017 | Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ Academics » Academics Academic Program Academic Advising College Advising Summer Mathematics Institute Graduation 2017 » Graduation 2017 2017 Graduation Cards Seminar Schedule Academic Forms » Academic Forms CEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student Life » Student Life Wall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) Research » Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring Program » Alumni Mentoring Program AMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni Counseling » Counseling Personal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Search form Search Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Main menu Home AdmissionsAbout TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ AcademicsAcademic Program Academic Advising College Advising Graduation 20172017 Graduation Cards Summer Mathematics Institute Seminar Schedule Academic FormsCEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student LifeWall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) ResearchSummer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring ProgramAMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni CounselingPersonal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Academics Academic Program Academic Advising College Advising Graduation 20172017 Graduation Cards Summer Mathematics Institute Seminar Schedule Academic FormsCEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template TAMS Graduation 2017 When is it? Thursday, May 11, 2017 8:00 P.M., Reception to Follow. Is graduation on a Thursday at 8:00 p.m.? That is correct. Where will it be held? The venue is the UNT Coliseum “Super Pit.” The Coliseum is across the street from the previously announced location, and shares the same parking lot. Is there a rehearsal? This is TBD. Where does the graduating senior enter the Coliseum? All graduates will enter the West Tunnel of the Coliseum. The West Tunnel is located on the west side of the building, facing the Fouts Field parking lot. Only graduates will be allowed to enter here. Family and friends will enter on the concourse level. When does the graduating senior arrive? Students should arrive at 7:00 p.m. and will enter the West Tunnel of the Coliseum. Do not bring anything with you other than your regalia (this includes purses and cell phones: you will have nowhere to store these items). Caps & Gowns The Class of 2017 will begin a new tradition of wearing UNT Green regalia, and regalia will be purchased individually by students through the Barnes & Noble UNT bookstore beginning March 20th. More information is available on this flier. Caps and gowns are not available for online purchase and must be purchased onsite at the Barnes & Noble UNT. Students will not be allowed to participate in the ceremony without a cap and a gown. Graduation Announcements Announcements can be ordered at the “Grad Finale Event” taking place at Barnes & Noble UNT on March 20 – 23, 10:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. Additionally, announcements can be purchased through Jostens’ website for TAMS. Alternatively, many people choose to design their own announcements through other vendors. The choice is yours! Class Rings TAMS Class Rings can be ordered at the “Grad Finale Event” taking place at Barnes & Noble UNT on March 20 – 23, 10:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m., with the ability to save up to $150. TAMS Rings can also be purchased through Jostens’ website for TAMS, but the $150 savings may not apply. Where do I park? Parking is available in the parking lot shared with Fouts Field Stadium, across from the Coliseum. This lot can be accessed from North Texas Blvd., the I-35E northbound access road, or Bonnie Brae St. Traffic to Denton from the DFW area can be congested. Please plan your trip accordingly. Is there handicapped accessible parking? The handicapped accessible parking is in Lot #27 on the east side of the Coliseum, at the corner of Avenue D and Highland Street. In addition to accessible parking, there is also a drop off area on the Avenue D side of the Coliseum. This is the street-level entrance without stairs. When can my family arrive? Doors open at 7:00 p.m. How many family members may attend? Seating is virtually unlimited. You may bring as many relatives and friends as you wish. Is there a reception? A cake & punch reception will take place at the UNT Gateway Ballroom directly following the graduation. The Gateway Center is located next to the Coliseum. How long does the ceremony last? Historically, the ceremony has lasted around 2 hours. We are working to make the ceremony as meaningful as possible in the shortest amount of time, but it will be a late evening. Are there graduation speakers? There will be a student speaker, as well as a TAMS alumni keynote speaker. Photography FLASH Photography is the official photographer for our commencement ceremony. Every graduate will be photographed as they receive their diploma and will be mailed a proof after the ceremony. For more information, contact FLASH Photography at 214-443-9393 or go to Flash Photography. Parents are welcome to photograph their child as they cross the stage, but no one will be allowed on the arena floor. There will not be an official videographer for a video tape of the ceremony. Coliseum Policies Below is a list of items that cannot be brought into the Coliseum: Alcohol Laser pointers Air horns Balloons (if they cannot be held under your seat) *Visitors and guests are not permitted to enter the arena floor. Parents TAMS has no knowledge of, nor sponsors, any post-graduation parties. If you have questions or concerns about such an event, please call the Student Life Office at 940-565-3603. Questions? Many details are still being planned, and may not yet be available. If you have any questions regarding graduation, please email Meaghan Hildinger. Visit Us McConnell Hall 1705 W Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us TAMS 1155 Union Circle #305309 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3606 tamsadmissions@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 05, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links 