 tams   studentlife clubs Clubs Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   studentlife clubs Clubs Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   studentlife clubs Clubs Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   studentlife clubs Clubs Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   studentlife clubs Clubs Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   studentlife clubs Clubs Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   studentlife clubs Clubs Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   studentlife clubs Clubs Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   studentlife clubs Clubs Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   studentlife clubs Clubs Texas Academy of Mathematics Science  Clubs | Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ Academics » Academics Academic Program Academic Advising College Advising Summer Mathematics Institute Graduation 2017 » Graduation 2017 2017 Graduation Cards Seminar Schedule Academic Forms » Academic Forms CEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student Life » Student Life Wall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) Research » Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring Program » Alumni Mentoring Program AMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni Counseling » Counseling Personal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Search form Search Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Main menu Home AdmissionsAbout TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ AcademicsAcademic Program Academic Advising College Advising Graduation 20172017 Graduation Cards Summer Mathematics Institute Seminar Schedule Academic FormsCEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student LifeWall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) ResearchSummer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring ProgramAMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni CounselingPersonal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Student Life Wall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) Clubs Club Leader Resources | Online Resources | More Club Information pROfiLE (the clubs formerly known as Artfelt & Academy Players) pROfiLE aspires to encourage self expression through the arts, to provide an atmosphere for creative growth, and to help the community through artistic projects. The "ROLE" in "Profile" is capitalized to emphasize the theatrical aspect of the club while the entire word relates to profiles in visual arts. pROfiLE is about how we use theatre and visual arts to express our unique identities. CONTACTFacebookArtfelt Video Ambassadors Ambassadors works to bridge the gap between current students and prospective TAMSters by allowing students to take part in Preview and interview Days, Spend-A-Days, and other outreach opportunities. CONTACTFacebookIntro Video Amnesty International Amnesty International's mission is to undertake research and action focused on preventing and ending grave abuses of the rights to physical and mental integrity, freedom of conscience and expression, and freedom from discrimination, within the context of its work to promote all human rights. CONTACT Chess Club We provide an opportunity for casual chess play at all levels. CONTACTFacebook Computer Science Computer Science Club seeks to foster interest in multiple fields of programming, for both beginners and advanced students. CONTACTFacebookWebsite Dancing for a Cause Dancing for a Cause is an organization uniting individuals of all ages under one common interest, that is, dance; and through this common interest creating a large student volunteering body to make a larger impact on the community, for the community, and for the world. CONTACTFacebook Dull Roar Dull Roar is TAMS's music organization and welcomes all TAMS students, regardless of music experience, to join; aside from weekly ensemble rehearsals, Dull Roar also participates in and encourages TAMSters to experience the local music scene and continue (or begin!) individual passions for music.  CONTACTFacebookIntro Video FACES  The Fellowship for the Advancement of Cultural Education for Students (FACES) is a multicultural club at UNT whose mission is to unite people by embracing cultural diversity, realize and respect different perspectives, and discuss and bring awareness to pressing global issues.   CONTACTFacebookWebsiteIntro Video FEE (Facilitating Education Everywhere) We strive to provide a greater education for impoverished individuals in marginalized areas of the world by spreading awareness and encouraging donations in the form of educational tools, books, and school supplies. We will have various volunteer opportunities with Denton ISD schools throughout the year.  Facebook Forward Tutoring Forward Tutoring promotes community service and education by being a student-led 501(c)(3) non profit that provides free online quality tutoring to under served students in exchange for their volunteer hours. CONTACTFacebookWebsiteIntro Video HOPE HOPE's goal is to better the lives of those in the community close to us as well as those far from us; we Help Other People Everywhere. CONTACTWebsiteFacebookIntro Video Ignite Ignite Bible Study is a student led group worship session that meets weekly to praise, sing and learn about God's word.  Each week, we have GA's to allow our students to share their testimonies, study Bible verses, listen to seminars or even play fun games!  Whether you are a Christian or not, feel free to stop by, ask questions and participate politely.  Ignite welcomes you. CONTACTFacebookIntro Video Ion Newspaper The Ion Newspaper was founded with the purpose of uniting the TAMS community through shared experiences. We work hard to make the Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science a place where not only math and science are important.  We offer a place for creative expression and comedic relief through writing, photography, videography, and web design. CONTACTWebsiteFacebook JETS (Junior Engineering and Technical Society) & Robotics We strive to cultivate a passion for science, engineering, and technology within TAMS and the Denton community through participation in various competitions, such as Science Olympiad and FIRST Robotics, and in several STEM based community service projects. CONTACTJets FacebookRobotics FacebookWebsiteIntro Video JSA JSA (the Junior State of America) is a discussion-based club, focused on the political and social issues facing our nation today. This year will be packed with more amazing events and programs than any other year we have been at TAMS  CONTACTFacebookIntro Video Judicial Board The Judicial Board is a collection of TAMS students that serve in a section of the disciplinary system within TAMS.  CONTACTFacebook McConnell Hall Association TAMS McConnell Hall Association is an organization dedicated to uniting the students of UNT and the students of TAMS. In addition, TAMS MHA strives to provide a place for all students attending TAMS. CONTACTFacebookIntro Video Model UN Model United Nations is a group that simulates the actual United Nations.  We work to promote strong debate/speaking skills amongst our members, and offer the chance to attend different conferences every year, with potential to come away with awards.  Members learn about international relations through respecting diversity, accepting different viewpoints, and finding peaceful, global solutions to the world’s major problems. CONTACTFacebook MOE In addition to bringing happiness and relaxation to the TAMS community, our main mission is to support an organization called Child’s Play -- a charity committed to improving the lives of children through the power of video games, toys, books, and more! CONTACTFacebook Morals & Ethics Club We bring together diverse perspectives to raise awareness about moral and ethical issues at TAMS and our world community through. CONTACTFacebookIntro Video Mu Alpha Theta Mission: To recognize and foster mathematical interests in the student body of TAMS and to encourage participation in math related activities and competitions. TAMS Tournament CONTACTFacebook Naturally Naturally, the TAMS environmental club, is committed to not only creating awareness of environmental issues in the community but also actively working towards sustainability at McConnell Hall, UNT, and Denton.  CONTACTFacebook Intro Video ProjectSmile We exist to make you smile. We do this by creating/eating good food, holding fun events, and holding fundraisers to give back to our community. CONTACTFacebookWebsite Research Organization Research Organization (RO) is committed to helping TAMS students excel in the fields of research. We connect you to research-related competitions (TJAS, TJSHS, Siemens, and the Intel ISEF-affiliated Science Fairs to name a few) as well as science-based volunteering in the community through the Aspire Exposition and Mentorship programs. CONTACTFacebookWebsiteIntro Video SAGA TAMS SAGA (Sexuality and Gender Alliance) is a group dedicated to providing a safe space at TAMS to talk about LGBT issues as well as raise money for LGBT charities, all while providing a social community. CONTACTFacebook Skybound Prep Skybound Prep's mission is to provide effective free online college preparation services to as many students as possible. We offer live SAT private lessons, practice questions, and much more. Our lessons are completely online and are taught by volunteer tutors. If anyone is interested in volunteering for Skybound click the Contact button. CONTACTWebsiteIntro Video Sports Club Our mission is to encourage TAMS students to interact with one another and foster a sense of community through sports. CONTACTFacebookIntro Video Student Council The TAMS Student Council is the bridge connecting the student body to the TAMS administration. Through numerous events, service projects, and general assemblies, the TAMS Student Council aims to provide resources and other services to the students and organizations in the TAMS community. CONTACTFacebookIntro Video TAMS 3D Printing Club The TAMS 3D Printing Club partners with the Boys and Girls Club to design and 3D print prosthetic hands for those who have lost or were born without hands. CONTACTFacebook TAMS Business Organzation Our goal is to educate students and instill passion in the field of business and to show its role in both professional and everyday life. CONTACTFacebook TAMS Chef Masters The purpose of TAMS Chef Masters is to teach TAMS students how to construct a healthy alternative to food provided by cafeterias, fast food, and other unhealthy food choices. CONTACTFacebook TAMSfem TAMSfem is an activism based social justice organization that explores intersectional feminism. Our primary goal is to debunk widely believed myths about feminism and remove the stigma associated with the word. Through the Diversity Union, TAMSfem intends to promote inclusivity and diversity within other aspects of the TAMS community while inspiring young women to pursue higher education and careers in STEM. CONTACTFacebook TAMS Global Outreach (TGO) TGO wishes to empower TAMS students to not only serve their local community, but also to aid the humanitarian needs across the globe. Our club will serve as an umbrella club, overseeing various international aid organizations, including UNICEF, Red Cross, and LINK. As a network that encompasses such a broad number of organizations and aims to serve the world, Tams Global Outreach will address efforts in promoting peace, fighting disease, providing clean water, saving mothers and children, supporting education, growing local economies, and many more. CONTACTFacebook TAMS Linguistics Society TAMS Linguistics Society (TLS) brings together students who enjoy studying foreign languages and provides them with an environment that fosters this interest.  We will participate in multilingual activities and information sessions. TLS serves as an outlet for those who wish to discuss their love of language in the science and math-minded atmosphere of TAMS. CONTACTFacebook TAMS Medical Society TAMS Medical Society is dedicated to enriching the medical experience of TAMS students through a host of activities, including, but not limited to, shadowing, volunteering, service, current events, and competitions. CONTACTFacebookWebsiteIntro Video Teach and Learn Teach and Learn's goal is to provide academic support and tutoring to TAMS students; we host review sessions, fund-raisers, and comprehensive test preparation sessions. CONTACTFacebook The Supply at UNT The Supply is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that works to create schools in Kenya centered on service learning. Our organization thereby activates the urban slum youth in its schools to tackle issues in urban areas. The Supply is redefining education through raising awareness for its cause, working to raise funds, and giving donations to support its schools, its students, and their impactful projects. CONTACTFacebookFB GroupIntro Video Yearbook Yearbook's goal is to capture and preserve the moments that take place throughout the year and ensure that our time at TAMS is no forgotten.  CONTACTFacebook Club Leader Resources Important Information for New Student Leaders Club Funding and Budget Process for 2016-17 Club Budget Submission Form - due December 9th for Spring 2017 semester Club Worksheets - work through to get your year started off right Trips and Events Submission Form - to be used for all overnight trips or events where classes will be missed Online Resources Reservation Calendar Request a driver for a van Submit a wing announcement Club Program Proposal Club Program Evaluation Purchase Request Form Club Money Deposit Form Fundraising Sheet More Club Information Advertising Policy How to Reserve a Van and Driver Club Selection Procedures Club Officer Position Response Form Interested in starting a new club at TAMS? Independent Club Registration (Due 4/30/2017) Club Exec Leader Information (Due 4/30/2017) Process for applying for Official club status Community Service Hours for Club Leaders Club Travel Policy 2016-2017 Club Exec Training Visit Us McConnell Hall 1705 W Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us TAMS 1155 Union Circle #305309 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3606 tamsadmissions@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 05, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links 