s eagleexpress   Home Eagle Express Tuition Plans eagleexpress   Home Eagle Express Tuition Plans eagleexpress   Home Eagle Express Tuition Plans eagleexpress   Home Eagle Express Tuition Plans eagleexpress   Home Eagle Express Tuition Plans eagleexpress   Home Eagle Express Tuition Plans eagleexpress   Home Eagle Express Tuition Plans eagleexpress   Home Eagle Express Tuition Plans eagleexpress   Home Eagle Express Tuition Plans eagleexpress   Home Eagle Express Tuition Plan  Home | Eagle Express Tuition Plan Skip to main content Eagle Express Tuition Plan Search form Search Search Call us Contact Us UNT Map FreshmenTransfer studentsTraditional Tuition PlanFAQsQuicklinks Back MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect University Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT University of North Texas Eagle Express Tuition Plan Search form Search Search MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Freshmen Transfer students Traditional Tuition Plan FAQs MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Search form Search Search Freshmen Transfer students Traditional Tuition Plan FAQs Eagle Express Tuition Plan With the Eagle Express Tuition Plan you can lock in your costs, earn your bachelor's degree sooner and save up to $3,000 when you graduate in 4 years. Eagle Express plan: How it works for freshmen Tuition costs are a big part of planning for college – and a big concern. UNT offers you an innovative solution to rising college costs with the Eagle Express plan. Eagle Express is more than a tuition plan, it’s a plan for success. UNT’s Eagle Express plan locks in your total academic costs for four years. It pays to graduate on time. Save up to $3,000 in your last 15 hours (typically your last semester) by graduating in four years, and you may also qualify for the statewide tuition rebate of $1,000. You’ll save time and money by knowing your academic costs up front, graduating on time and earning a full-time salary sooner. Transfer student? Already enrolled in Eagle Express? Take these four easy steps for success 1 Review both tuition plans available to you. 2 Opt in to the Eagle Express plan. 3 Complete your bachelor's degree in four years. 4 Save up to $3,000 the semester you graduate! Eligibility The Eagle Express plan is available to all new freshmen and transfer students entering UNT.  You must meet Texas residency requirements and be seeking a bachelor’s degree. If you do not meet the Texas residency requirements, you will be automatically enrolled in the traditional tuition plan. If you choose not to opt in to the Eagle Express plan, you will be automatically enrolled in the traditional tuition plan. Benefits of Eagle Express You’ll save up to $3,000 if you graduate on time. You’ll know your total academic costs for four years, helping you plan expenses. Course/instructional fees are included in the locked-in amount. You’ll graduate with less debt. You'll get the best of both worlds – the best bachelor's degree experience in Texas at an affordable price. You’ll get a head start on your career sooner – whether you want to land a full-time job or continue on to graduate school. The Eagle Express graduation incentive is based on how many hours you complete at UNT. Any college credit hours you earned before high school graduation do not count against new freshmen. For example, if you’re a high school graduate with 40 AP and/or dual credit hours, you would still be eligible for the $3,000 graduation incentive – which is a fabulous deal. Eagle Express by the numbers Eagle Express Plan vs. Traditional Plan For New Freshmen (Total Academic Costs* by Year) *Total Academic Cost is based on taking 15 semester hours in the fall semester and 15 semester hours in the spring semester. This includes: Board-designated tuition State-mandated tuition Mandatory fees Course/instructional fees (averaged for traditional plan) **In your final 15 semester credit hours, the Eagle Express plan will save you $3,000. With the $1,000 tuition rebate, you could save up to $4,000.  Eagle Express Plan with Graduation Incentive Lock in your total academic costs for 4 years Graduate in 4 years Qualifiy for $3,000 Eagle Express graduation incentive in your last 15 hours Qualify for $1,000 tuition rebate after graduation Pay $40,329 for 4 years of college Traditional Plan Know the rate you'll pay in year 1 Pay a 3.9% increase in tuition in year 2 Pay a 3.9% increase in tuition in year 3 Pay a 3.9% increase in tuition in year 4 Pay $44,386 for 4 years of college Taking courses in the summer rather than the long semesters will result in a higher total cost. If you choose the Eagle Express plan and do not graduate on time, you’ll end up paying about the same as you would under the traditional tuition plan despite losing the graduation incentive. The choice is yours! If you decide the Eagle Express plan is the perfect fit for you, call 844-236-6855 for details on how and when to choose Eagle Express. Learn More At Freshman Orientation, you’ll hear more about the tuition plans. You also can direct any questions you have to our toll-free information line at 844-236-6855. Want answers now? Visit the Eagle Express FAQs section for more information on how it pays to graduate on time at UNT. Eagle Express Plan without graduating on time Lock in your tuition and fee rate for 4 years Don't graduate in 4 years Don't qualifiy for $3,000 Eagle Express graduation incentive Don't qualify for $1,000 "on-time" tuition rebate Pay $42,691 for 4 years of college × Top Main Menu Freshmen Transfer students Traditional Tuition Plan FAQs University Links MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Email & Phone  unt.freshmen@unt.edu  unt.transfer@unt.edu  student.accounting@unt.edu  844-236-6855 Eagle Express Tuition Plan   Find UNT on Google Maps   1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, Texas 76201   Visitor Information Call us Email Us UNT Map Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links 