s research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration limited submissions Limited Submissions Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration limited submissions Limited Submissions Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration limited submissions Limited Submissions Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration limited submissions Limited Submissions Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration limited submissions Limited Submissions Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration limited submissions Limited Submissions Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration limited submissions Limited Submissions Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration limited submissions Limited Submissions Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration limited submissions Limited Submissions Research and Innovations research   faculty resources office grants contracts administration limited submissions Limited Submissions Research and Innovation  Limited Submissions | Research and Innovation Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty Resources » Faculty Resources MC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts Administration » Office of Grants & Contracts Administration Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) » Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) Step 1 : Request a Grants and Contracts Specialist (GCS) Step 2 : Electronic proposal routing / Cayuse SP Step 3 : Optional for Grants.gov only / Cayuse 424 Cayuse FAQs Cayuse Help Cayuse Contacts Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) Guidelines Limited Submissions Process » Limited Submissions Process Limited Submissions Funding Opportunities FAQ Research Integrity & Compliance » Research Integrity & Compliance Use of Humans in Research (IRB) Use of Animals in Research (IACUC) Financial Conflict of Interest Export Controls Research Integrity Research Misconduct Federal Regulations Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization About Us » About Us Reports & Statistics » Reports & Statistics Previous Fiscal Years Current Fiscal Year Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People Search form Search Research and Innovation MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of Research and Innovation Research and Innovation Main menu Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty ResourcesMC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts AdministrationPrepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) Guidelines Limited Submissions ProcessLimited Submissions Funding Opportunities FAQ Research Integrity & Compliance Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization About UsReports & Statistics Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People Faculty Resources MC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts AdministrationPrepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) Guidelines Limited Submissions ProcessLimited Submissions Funding Opportunities FAQ Research Integrity & Compliance Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization Forms » Limited SubmissionsWhat are Limited Submissions? A limited submission proposal is a type of broad agency announcement, request for proposal, or other funding opportunity, in which the sponsor restricts the number of applications or proposals that can be submitted by an institution or a unit within an institution. When multiple eligible principal investigators (PIs) or teams of PIs are interested in submitting a proposal to such a funding opportunity, institutions must consider pre-proposals or nominations to determine which application or applications will be submitted to the relevant external agency. Typically, institutions are permitted to submit one or two proposals to the sponsor of a limited submission proposal call. How do I apply? Faculty should contact the Office of Grants and Contracts Administration (OGCA) at limitedsubmissions@unt.edu to submit pre-proposals (in the format specified below) for consideration, on or before the internal UNT deadline, or if they have questions about the limited submissions process. What is required in a Pre-Proposal? A principal investigator must complete a pre-proposal as outlined below, while adhering to the parameters of the selection criteria noted in the sponsor’s solicitation: Pre-Proposal Outline (approximately three pages): Project Summary and Intellectual Merit Broader Impact Approach and Methods Resources: Team Members and Facilities (please summarize) Total Estimated Budget (conceptual over award period) Total Estimated Cost Share (with breakout) Biographical Sketch for the principal investigator(s) / Co-PI(s) (2 pages maximum; sample NSF guideline) A list of current and pending grant support for the PIs, including a brief discussion of the goals of each grant and, if relevant, a statement of overlap with the current application (sample other support; NSF guideline) If the application is a resubmission include a brief summary of the prior submission with review comments noted Complete and sign the Lead PI Commitment Statement Submit comprehensive final pre-proposal package to LimitedSubmissions@unt.edu Pre-proposals are due by the Internal Due Date listed on the “Upcoming Limited Submission Opportunities” posted on the Limited Submissions webpage  – or, if not on that list, six weeks before the agency’s published proposal submission deadline. This will provide ample time for the PI to prepare a full proposal if selected.     If an opportunity is identified that is not on the "Upcoming Limited Submission Opportunities" posted on the Limited Submissions webpage and is inside of six weeks prior to the agency's published proposal submission deadline, priority will be given to the first GCS request received for that proposal.  GCS requests can be made through the following link. Extended period for preparation of proposals selected in Limited Submissions Opportunities In response to feedback from grant applicants, the Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) is extending the period during which faculty members can prepare full proposal submissions that are selected through the ORI limited submissions opportunity process. At present, the deadline for submission of pre-proposals for internal review and selection is typically six weeks before the agency deadline.  In order to provide more time for the preparation of the full proposal for the agency, as of September 1, 2017 this internal deadline will be moved typically to eight weeks before the agency deadline.  “Pre-selection” for certain Limited Submissions Opportunities  Recognizing that major limited submissions (e.g., MRI, PIRE, ADVANCE, …) require significant preparation, not only for the internal competition, but for the full submission starting even before the internal deadline (eight weeks before the agency deadline – to be implemented by September 1, 2017 – see announcement above) pre-selection can be considered in advance of the internal deadline in certain cases. Faculty members can request pre-approval before the internal deadline. Pre-selection requests will be evaluated and decided upon by the Office of the Vice President for Research and Innovation. A case must be made for why the extra time is required and, in cases where it is appropriate, the principal investigator agrees to engage the UNT community broadly to seek and accommodate collaborators that strengthen the proposal. If pre-approval is granted, a letter of commitment must be signed with the typical penalty of permanently excluding the faculty member from further limited submissions if they do not follow through and make the submission.  This penalty is required in order to discourage one from seeking pre-selection, thereby excluding others from the opportunity, if they do not follow through with the submission.  The faculty member will be allowed to step out and open back up the limited submission opportunity at the eight-week-plus-one-day point before the agency deadline if they cannot go forward with the full submission once pre-selected, avoiding the exclusion penalty. How are Limited Submission proposals selected and submitted? Review of pre-proposals is administered by the ORI. Notification of selections to applicants will be sent from the ORI. Final proposal(s) will be submitted through the OGCA to the sponsor. Request a Grants and Contracts Specialist How do I find current Limited Submission opportunities? Upcoming Limited Submission opportunities can we viewed on the Limited Submission Opportunities webpage. This list of pertinent limited submission funding opportunities is by no means exhaustive, containing those opportunities of potential broad interest or that have been the subject of demonstrated interest in recent years. Faculty are encouraged to identify additional opportunities as early as possible. Typically this process begins six weeks before the agency’s published proposal submission deadline. To view a more comprehensive list of current Limited Submission opportunities faculty and staff are encouraged to use the search tool PIVOT. For more information on using this tool, and for in-person training sessions, please contact our Research Connect Specialist at 940-565-3252 or email at Naomi.Wood@unt.edu.  To view all NSF Limited Submission Opportunities click here.  Who do I contact for more information? For questions related to Limited Submissions contact LimitedSubmissions@unt.edu To request a Grants & Contracts Specialist select Request a Grants and Contracts Specialist under Pre Award on the OGCA homepage. Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Hurley Admin Building, Room 210 Mail Us Office of Research and Innovation 1155 Union Circle P.O. Box 310979 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-369-7428 UNTResearch@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 