 tams   research early summer research Early TAMS Summer Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research early summer research Early TAMS Summer Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research early summer research Early TAMS Summer Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research early summer research Early TAMS Summer Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research early summer research Early TAMS Summer Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research early summer research Early TAMS Summer Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research early summer research Early TAMS Summer Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research early summer research Early TAMS Summer Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research early summer research Early TAMS Summer Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research early summer research Early TAMS Summer Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science  Early TAMS Summer Research | Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ Academics » Academics Academic Program Academic Advising College Advising Summer Mathematics Institute Graduation 2017 » Graduation 2017 2017 Graduation Cards Seminar Schedule Academic Forms » Academic Forms CEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student Life » Student Life Wall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) Research » Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring Program » Alumni Mentoring Program AMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni Counseling » Counseling Personal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Search form Search Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Main menu Home AdmissionsAbout TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ AcademicsAcademic Program Academic Advising College Advising Graduation 20172017 Graduation Cards Summer Mathematics Institute Seminar Schedule Academic FormsCEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student LifeWall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) ResearchSummer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring ProgramAMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni CounselingPersonal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing Early TAMS Summer Research You must have received an acceptance letter from TAMS to be eligible for the Early Summer Research (ESR).  Current TAMS first-year and second-year students are ineligible for the Early Summer Research Scholarship. In the summer of 2017 TAMS will launch its early-research experience for six members of the incoming Class of 2019. We shall place these students in UNT-based research labs for the 10-week summer session (June 5-Aug. 11). Students will devote up to 40 or more hours a week to research, including weekends, as stipulated by research mentors. You will likely interact with other TAMS students in those labs, with UNT graduate students, and, of course, with the professor.  You will thereby receive a significant head start in (1) adjusting to life at UNT, (2) in learning how to navigate a research lab, (3) and in making contributions to your field of study.   Applications must be submittied by April 21, 2017.   The experience will also include a weekly dinner with various staff and faculty members to practice the art of conversation--scientific and otherwise.  If you receive an Early Research placement, you will enroll in two specified credit hours in the class of Dr. William Moen (please see below), from June 5 through August 11 (the 10-week summer session). That formal enrollment will allow you to have access to UNT facilities (Health Center, the library, the recreation center, etc.). You must also have health insurance—either through a family policy or purchased separately via United Healthcare Student Resources (UHCFR.com/unt). The price of coverage from May 16-Aug. 13 is around $464.00 (subject to change).   TAMS will award a $3000 scholarship to help students meet these and related expenses. The following will be among the rules governing early-research comportment: Students will devote themselves exclusively to the lab and endeavors of their research mentors, and will not seek to work in other labs concurrently. Students may not switch labs during this summer period. Students will abide by strict curfew hours and residence hall visitation rules.  Visitation rules will include guidelines for visiting the opposite sex as well as visiting UNT students in other residence halls.  Students must abide by all University and TAMS rules, regulations, and policies. Any violation of these may result in summer-session or TAMS dismissal. Students will hold no external employment—on weekdays or on weekends. You must devote your time entirely to your research endeavors and related enterprises. Students will live on-campus, for 10 weeks in a UNT residence hall. There will be no short- or long-distance commuting to and from a parent’s home.  TAMS Early Research students will live with other TAMS Early Researchers.  Assignments will be determined by the TAMS department in conjunction with UNT Housing.  Students will purchase a meal plan for the 10-week period. Students may return home for weekends sparingly, and only with the approval of their lab supervisors and the Associate Dean for Undergraduate Research. Students will be required to communicate weekend absences to the Associate Dean for Undergraduate Research by Wednesday of that same week. Because of the troublesome traffic along the I35 corridor (and elsewhere), parents or designated adults must drive the student to and from campus.  Students may end up conducting research on weekends, if their research mentors deem some measure of participation necessary during that time.  Students will enroll in Dr. William Moen’s 2-credit course: UCRS 3150 Introduction to Research and Other Scholarly Activities. Class meetings are each Friday of the 10-week summer session, from 9:00am to 11:50am. The course provides an overview of research and research approaches, and methods and techniques for both qualitative and quantitative research. Other scholarly activities addressed in the course include compiling literature reviews and bibliographies, designing posters to present research, understanding responsible conduct of research, and preparing personal statements for applications. Students will attend Dr. James Duban’s weekly meeting (over dinner at Bruce Hall) covering college success, research and imagination across the disciplines, and conversational ease and acumen. All Early Research Students will prepare posters for presentation at Scholars Day, in April 2018. Our decision about whom to accept will be final and without appeal.  Early Summer Research recipients and their parents must sign a form to abide by the above regulations.  Clearly, we expect to receive more applications than we can accommodate, and we shall have to match student preference with available and appropriate labs and professors.  Students who do not gain admission to this program will be able to seek out research opportunities after they arrive at TAMS in August 2017.  Because of the time-consuming challenges involved in placing students in varied laboratories, only early-admission TAMS students will be eligible for early research this year.   Please direct questions regarding Early Summer Research to Cindy Belew or call 940-565-4914. Please make sure, whatever your disposition on applying for the Early Summer Research, not to delay confirming your intent to enter TAMS.  The TAMS Letter of Intent to attend TAMS is still due by March 20th.  Apply Now!   You will need your EUID and password to login to this application.   Visit Us McConnell Hall 1705 W Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us TAMS 1155 Union Circle #305309 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3606 tamsadmissions@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 05, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links 