 tams   research awards Award Winning TAMS Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research awards Award Winning TAMS Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research awards Award Winning TAMS Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research awards Award Winning TAMS Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research awards Award Winning TAMS Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research awards Award Winning TAMS Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research awards Award Winning TAMS Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research awards Award Winning TAMS Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research awards Award Winning TAMS Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research awards Award Winning TAMS Research Texas Academy of Mathematics Science  Award Winning TAMS Research | Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ Academics » Academics Academic Program Academic Advising College Advising Summer Mathematics Institute Graduation 2017 » Graduation 2017 2017 Graduation Cards Seminar Schedule Academic Forms » Academic Forms CEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student Life » Student Life Wall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) Research » Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring Program » Alumni Mentoring Program AMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni Counseling » Counseling Personal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Search form Search Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Main menu Home AdmissionsAbout TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ AcademicsAcademic Program Academic Advising College Advising Graduation 20172017 Graduation Cards Summer Mathematics Institute Seminar Schedule Academic FormsCEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student LifeWall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) ResearchSummer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring ProgramAMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni CounselingPersonal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing Award Winning TAMS Research TAMS receives national attention each year for the high caliber of research resulting from our Summer Research program. 2014 Two TAMS students named Barry M. Goldwater Scholars for 2014 Annabel Wang Wang conducts research on thermoelectric generators with Haley Lobland, UNT research associate, and Witold Brostow, professor in the Department of Materials Science and Engineering in UNT's College of Engineering. Lobland also is an alumnus of TAMS and UNT, and is previous winner of a Goldwater Scholarship. Sivabalan Manivasagam Manivasagam researches computational chemistry, with a particular focus on transition metals, with Angela Wilson, professor of chemistry.Transition metals are found in the central block of the periodic table, and include iron, chromium and copper, among other metals. Transition metals are used in nearly every industrial sector, including medical, food production, transportation and energy. Justin Zhong was also given honorable mention by the Barry Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Program. 2013 Two TAMS students named regional finalists in the 2013 Siemens Competition The Siemens Competition is the nation’s leading original research competition in math, science and technology for high school students. TAMS students Stacy Ho and William Ou were named regional finalists and eighteen other TAMS students were named semifinalists in this years competition. The academy has more 2013 semifinalists than any other school in the United States. Stacy Ho For her research project, Ho studied artificial photosynthesis, a process which uses solar energy to produce hydrogen fuel from water. She created a photo sensitizer, or light-harvesting complex, that increased the efficiency of the process. By producing clean fuel without generating any harmful by-products, artificial photosynthesis can also help to create a cleaner environment. William Ou Ou’s research investigated metal catalysts that can be used to convert organic compounds into hydrogen gas. Current methods for producing hydrogen gas are fairly ineffective and are energy intensive. Discovering metal catalysts that can improve the process of creating hydrogen gas will be useful in several industries, including crude oil processing. Two TAMS students named Barry M. Goldwater Scholars for 2013 Kevin Chen Chen has worked on research projects including the development of a new statistical tool for the analysis of cancer data. By developing this tool, Chen has contributed to the detection of cancer genes that may be critical biomarkers for cancer treatments. Helen Xiong Xiong has worked on research projects including refining the equation for defining polymer brittleness, and better understanding how clay particles can strengthen the wear properties of polymer nanocomposites, which affect industrial machinery and enhance the study of friction in materials science. Three TAMS Students named 2013 Intel Science Talent Search Semifinalists He, Jianing Jenny, 18, Plano The New Canary: Revolutionizing On-Site Direct Analysis of Air Quality in Oil and Gas Fields Hong, Alex, 17, Allen Synthesis of Acrylonitrile-Based NONOate Bandages for Enhancement of Wound Healing Xiao, Larry, 17, Plano TEOS-MEK Modification of Natural Fibers in Polymer-Based Composites 2012 TAMS has two Siemens regional finalists and 9 semifinalists for 2012 George Qi and Robert Tung Along with another team member from Westwook High School have been named regional finalists in the Siemens Competition. Under the guidance of Qiang Zhao, an associate professor of Mathematics at Texas State University the team presented work on "A Novel Approach for Estimating Survival Functions for Interval Censored Data with STD Behavioral Diary Information.” TAMS has two Barry M. Goldwater Scholars for 2012 and 1 Honorable Mention Amanda Quay Working in the analytical chemistry group of Dr. William Acree, Amanda has co-authored seven studies, with applications, in some cases, that help predict which chemicals will best help decompose pharmaceutical waste in aquatic environments. Amanda’s research allows us to calculate the concentration at which a given drug molecule exhibits toxicity so that we know which pharmaceutical compounds in the waste pose an environmental risk to aquatic life. Amanda’s research also helps identify the most efficient way to decompose the most threatening of those compounds. Amanda received comprehensive letters of recommendation from: Dr. William Acree (Chemistry) Dr. Martin Schwartz (Chemistry) Dr. Richard Sinclair (Dean of TAMS). Favyen Bastani A highly advanced undergraduate computer scientist, Favyen has worked extensively in two major research environments and has a co-authored an article (in press) at IEEE Transactions on Services Computing. As attested by Dr. Hui Ma (Cisco Systems)—with whom Favyen worked on algorithms to solve complex optimization problems—Favyen is at the forefront of making significant contributions to artificial-intelligence-based heuristic optimization. Favyen has also worked in the UNT Computer Science laboratory of Dr.Yan Huang. Favyen received comprehensive letters of recommendation from: Dr. Hui Mas (Cisco Systems) Dr. Richard Sinclair (Dean of TAMS) Dr. Martin Schwartz (Chemistry) Mitchell Powell While planning a career in neurobiology, Powell has demonstrated his research versatility by working in the computational chemistry laboratory of Dr. Angela Wilson to appreciate the foundations of biomedical compounds containing transition metals. Powell autonomously and effectively helped the Wilson research team determine the most accurate DFT method for transition-metal heat-of-formation calculations by identifying and quantifying ten different candidate DFT methods known to yield reliable results for the energy properties of main-group molecules. There has been limited work in this area for transition metal species. As detailed by Wilson, Powell’s research has contributed immensely to protocols for future heats-of-formation-of-transition-metal research. TAMS Student named 2012 Intel Science Talent Search Finalist Kurtis Mickel Carsch: DFT Modeling of a Methane-to-Methanol Oxy-Insertion Catalytic Cycle via Group 6 Organometallics: A Computational Analysis Kurtis Mickel Carsch: DFT Modeling of a Methane-to-Methanol Oxy-Insertion Catalytic Cycle via Group 6 Organometallics: A Computational Analysis 9 TAMS Students named 2012 Intel Science Talent Search Semifinalists Favyen Bastani: Compositional Genetic Algorithm for Multi-Objective Composition-Based Optimization Problems Kurtis Mickel Carsch: DFT Modeling of a Methane-to-Methanol Oxy-Insertion Catalytic Cycle via Group 6 Organometallics: A Computational Analysis Mitchell Lloyd Powell: Determining Optimal Density Functional Theory Methods for Transition-Metal Thermochemistry Amanda Nicole Quay: Utilizing Predictive Fields of Space for Organic Compound Solubilities to Analyze Toxicology of Pharmaceuticals Adam Hao Su: Rank-Generating Functions for the Distributive Lattice of Order Ideals for Comb Posets Lisa Su: Polymeric Sealants for the Improvement of Effectiveness of Thermoelectric Power Generation Alan Hongzhi Zhao: Fabrication and Characterization of Thermoplastic Vulcanized Elastomer Composites with Recycled Wood Michael Zhou: Basis Set Reconstruction for Quantum Mechanics: Towards Computational Cost Reduction Jonathan Hong Zhu: Electronic Structure and Potential Energies of Transition Metal Tetrahalides 2011 TAMS has 2 Barry M. Goldwater Scholars for 2011 and 2 Honorable Mentions Students from the Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science have distinguished themselves by bringing home two Barry M. Goldwater Scholarships and Two Barry M. Goldwater Scholarship Honorable Mentions in the 2011 competition. No university may nominate more than four students. These accomplishments are a testament to the original research accomplishments of our students; to the faculty mentors who initiate these students into the craft of research and then encourage innovative thinking and exploration, and to our colleagues who write comprehensive letters of recommendation. Great appreciation goes out to the UNT Barry M. Goldwater Scholarship Nominating and Mentoring Committee, the members who work diligently to distinguish among good, better, and best in their deliberations, and offer significant encouragement and advice to our nominees. These colleagues are Dr. Sushama Dandekar (Chemistry), Dr. Jannon Fuchs (Biology), Dr. Sam Matteson (Physics), and Dr. Tom Scharf (Materials Science). Winners: Andrew Ding of Sugar Land, studied the interaction of water molecules with a graphite surface using an innovative method known as ccCA-ONIOM. Ding worked with Dr. Angela Wilson, UNT professor of chemistry, on his research. Ding plans to major in chemistry from Columbia University and eventually teach at the university level. He is a member of the Junior Engineering Technical Society and Mu Alpha Theta, which is the TAMS math club. Patricia Loren Rayos Nano of Grand Prairie, conducted research to model the development and loss of primary cilia in the oligodendrocyte lineage, an endeavor that has implications for that could advance the treatment of demyelinating diseases, such as multiple sclerosis and transverse myelitis. Nano worked with Dr. Jannon Fuchs, UNT professor of biology, on her research. Nano plans to earn a doctorate in molecular biology and teach at the university level. At TAMS, Nano is Committee Head of Calhoun Middle School Tutoring program, plays French horn with the TAMS Dull Roar Orchestra. Honorable Mention: Lee Chen of Denton, investigated the effects of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy mutations on tropomyosin, a crucial heart-muscle controlling molecule. Chen worked with Dr. Douglas Root, UNT associate professor of biology, on his research. Chen plans to pursue a doctorate in biochemistry. Chen is vice president of Computer Science Organization and treasurer of Mu Alpha Theta. Udayan Vaidya of Plano, developed a computational model to predict outbreaks of Dengue fever, which is an acute, infectious tropical disease transmitted by mosquitoes, causing high fever, rash, headache, severe muscle and joint pain. Vaidya worked with Dr. Armin Mikler, UNT associate professor of engineering, on his research. 2010 TAMS has 3 Barry M. Goldwater Scholars for 2010 No university may nominate more than 4 students each year for this prestigious award. This year UNT earned 3 Goldwater Scholarships - and all three just happen to be TAMS students! TAMS is continuing their tradition of putting UNT on the map and ranking among the most elite schools with the number of Goldwater Scholars we produce each year. Congratulations to the following students: Anupriya Gangal Anupriya is working in the laboratory of Dr. Jannon Fuchs on oligodendrocytes, which are the myelin-forming glial cells that insulate axons in the central nervous system. Anupria discovered that oligodendrocyte progenitors have a primary cilium, which is a hairline organelle that receives signals for cell proliferation. Anupriya then made observations that allowed her to deduce when and where they had lost that cilium. Anupriya’s discovery has implications for the treatment of demyelinating diseases and will likely result in a journal publication for which she will be named a key author. Katheryn Shi Katheryn has worked, in the laboratory of Dr. Angela Wilson, on quantum mechanics that help predict the existence of noble gas compounds. Impressive, indeed, is the primary-investigator status that has positioned Katheryn to model 80+ possible molecules, thus far leading to the discovery of two new noble gas compounds. Katheryn is also developing a cutting-edge method for reducing the time, computer memory, and disk space necessary for modeling molecules. Katheryn, it is worth noting, received an Honorable Mention citation at the 2009 American Chemical Society Meeting-in-Miniature, was one of 40 Intel Finalists, nation-wide, and will be named first author of a manuscript soon to be submitted to the journal Chemical Physics Letters. Katheryn is on her way to becoming a major research scientist in the field of computational chemistry. Kathy Wang Kathy has worked in the Molecular Biology laboratory of Dr. Douglas Root, where she has made an important advance, through molecular modeling, toward uncovering the molecular basis of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy through computational simulations that will help future scientists better monitor atomic-level structural changes in myosin. Kathy’s discoveries have significant diagnostic implications, foreshadowed by her co-authored an abstract submitted to the 54th Annual Meeting of the Biophysical Society (San Francisco). She was also a Siemens Competition Regional Semifinalist and has earned a coveted research internship—at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory Higher Education Research Experience and Internship this coming summer. TAMS has 8 Intel Seminfinalists and 2 Finalists Two TAMS students were named from among only 40 students nationwide as Finalists for the 2010 Intel Science Talent Search. Those two and six other TAMS students were named Intel Seminfinalists. 2010 Intel Science Search Finalists from TAMS Katheryn ShiQuantum Mechanical Prediction of the Existence of Rare Gas-bound Species Peter HuNovel Thermogelling Dispersions of Polymer Nanoparticles for Controlled Drug Delivery See Peter Hu and Katheryn Shi mentioned in a New York Times Column recently. 2010 Intel Science Search Semifinalists from TAMS Sai Achi Somak Das Smitha Janardan Sahil Khetpal Alexander Mentzelopoulos Clark Robinson Siemens Competition 2010 Siemens Finalists from TAMS TAMS students again make a strong showing in the 2010-2011 Siemens Competition: Regional finalists Favyen Bastani of Plano, Jonathan Lin of Plano, Mariam Saifullah of Richardson, Stephanie Su of Katy and Shulin Ye of Lewisville each received $1,000 scholarships. They will present their research Nov. 5, 2010 at the Region Two competition at the University of Texas at Austin, one of six regional events across the U.S. 2010 Seimens Semifinalists from TAMS Anita Chandrahas, of Plano Andrew Ding, of Sugar Land Jennifer Ding, of McKinney Benjamin Huang, of Plano Joshua John, of Mesquite Matthew Krenik, of Garland Harrison Miller, of Grand Prairie Patricia Loren Nano, of Grand Prairie Kelly Ren, of Plano John Rogers, of Cedar Hill Justin Zhao, of Plano 2009 So far during the 2009-2010 school year, four students have been named regional finalists for the 2009 Siemens Competition in Math, Science and Technology. In addition 14 TAMS students were name semifinalists, giving our school more finalists and semifinalists than any other school in Texas. 2009 Siemens Finalists from TAMS Sai Achi Somak Das Peter Hu Sahil Khetpal 2009 Siemens Semifinalists from TAMS Smitha Janardan Brandon Kiasaleh Matthew Krenik Jesse Lou Ruobing Lu Alex Mentzelopoulos Eva Ng Navaneeth Ravindranath Jay Shah Rena Sheng Katheryn Shi Tian Tian Amruth Venkatraman Kathy Wang Past Award Recipients Barry M. Goldwater Scholarships 1996 - Anthony (Nguyen) Leung 1997 - Christopher Own 1998 - Patrick Goodwill, Anneke Post, Alison Rogers 1999 - Justin Kugler, Emily Witten 2000 - Priyanka Agarwal, Leian Chen, Marcos Flores 2001 - Derek Choi, Haley Hagg, Adam Horch, Shaun Stewart 2002 - Stephen Chen, Mabel Feng, Vivian Liang, Priscilla Pang 2003 - Daniel Birt, Andrew Liu, Shinjita Das, Andrea Runyan 2004 - Chieu Nguyen 2005 - Amy Chuong, Jennifer Feng, Ankur Patel 2006 - Wm. Maxwell Jones, Eric Chen, Roxana Daneshjou, Evan Gawlik 2007 - Yieu Chyan, Monica Lu, Amelia Lin, Wenqi (Jack) Wang 2008 - Vinay Ramasesh, Samuel Thompson 2009 - Wen Chyan, Irene Cai, Jeremy Lai, Jonathan Dau 2010 - Anupriya Gangal, Katheryn Shi, Kathy Wang Siemens-Westinghouse Science and Technology 2002 - Charles Hallford (Finalist and Winner) 2003 - Andrea Runyan 2004 - Kuei Han Chen (Regional Finalist) 2004 - Jonathan Chin (Regional Finalist) 2004 - Shaheen Ranjbaran (Regional Semifinalist) 2004 - Anita Shankar (Regional Semifinalist) 2005 - Ian Robert Haken (Semifinalist) 2005 - Xiangyu Zhang (Regional Semifinalist) 2005 - Erica Rew (Semifinalist) 2005 - Brian Huskinson (Semifinalist) 2005 - Jemma Alarcon (Semifinalist) 2006 - Yieu Chyan (Semifinalist and Finalist) 2006 - Amelia Lin (Semifinalist and Finalist) 2006 - David Hu (Semifinalist) 2006 - Alisha Seam (Semifinalist) 2006 - Bernard Huang (Semifinalist) 2006 - David Ouyang (Semifinalist) 2006 - Monica Lu (Semifinalist) 2007 - Osbert Bastanie (Regional Semifinalist) 2007 - Eileen Chen (Regional Semifinalist) 2007 - Vidya Eswaran (Regional Semifinalist) 2007 - Harry Han (Regional Semifinalist) 2007 - Kshitij Manchanda (Regional Semifinalist) 2007 - Jaimin Patel (Regional Semifinalist) 2007 - Joel Anthony Paulson (Regional Semifinalist) 2007 - Amy Proctor (Regional Semifinalist) 2007 - Ratul Pujari (Regional Semifinalist) 2007 - Ananth Ram (Regional Semifinalist) 2007 - Robert Eugene Rogers (Regional Semifinalist) 2007 - Jonathan Too (Regional Semifinalist) 2007 - Di Wu (Regional Semifinalist) 2007 - Jerry Du (Regional Finalist) 2007 - Thomas Krenik (Regional Finalist) 2007 - Samuel Thompson (Regional Finalist) 2008 - Vinay Ramasesh (Regional Finalist) 2008 - Irene Chu Cai (Semiinalist) 2008 - Helen Chen (Semiinalist) 2008 - Wen Chyan (Semifinalist, Finalist, Grand Prize Winner) 2008 - Semeer Deshpande (Semifinalist) 2008 - Jack Geller (Semifinalist) 2008 - Kevin Matthew Holmes (Semifinalist) 2008 - Jeremy Duy Lai (Semifinalist) 2008 - Alexander Mettzelopoulous (Semifinalist) 2008 - Mark Pavlyukovsky (Semifinalist) 2008 - Ramya Raghaven (Semifinalist) 2008 - Aman Sharma (Semifinalist) 2008 - Richard Song (Semifinalist) 2008 - Monica Tamil (Semifinalist) Intel Science Talent Search Competition 1994 - Sonny Harpavat 1994 - William Ikerd 2003 - J. Adam Hinze 2003 - Juliet A. Howe 2003 - Andrea Runyan (Semifinalist) 2003 - Cynthia Wang 2003 - Jessica Yih 2004 - Kuei Han Chen (Semifinalist) 2004 - Shaheen Ranjbaran (Semifinalist) 2004 - Anita Shankar (Semifinalist) 2005 - Ian Robert Haken (Finalist) 2005 - Yike Lu (Semifinalist) 2005 - Xiangyu Zhang (Semifinalist) 2005 - Yieu Chyan (Semifinalist and Finalist) 2005 - Alisha Seam (Semifinalist) 2006 - Amelia Lin (Semifinalist) 2006 - Monica Lu (Semifinalist) 2006 - David Ouyang (Semifinalist) 2008 - Osbert Bastani (Semifinalist) 2008 - Jerry Du (Semifinalist) 2008 - Ratul Pujari (Semifinalist) 2008 - Ananth Ram (Semifinalist) 2008 - Samuel Thompson (Semifinalist) 2008 - Vinay Ramesesh (Finalist) 2009 - Helen Chen (Semifinalist) 2009 - Wen Chyan (Semifinalist and Finalist) 2009 - Jonathan Dau (Semifinalist) 2009 - Kevin Matthew Holmes (Semifinalist) 2009 - Jeremy Duy Lai (Semifinalist) 2009 - Mark Pavlyukovsky (Semifinalist) Coca Cola Scholarship 2001 - Lindsey Cameron 2003 - Rebekah Hurt (Finalist) 2003 - Thomas Hutchins Ice (Finalist) 2003 - John Varghese (Semifinalist) 2005 - Timothy Patuwo (Finalist) 2005 - Andrew Maloney (Semifinalist) 2005 - Annette Li (Semifinalist) 2008 - Ankita Patro (Semifinalist) 2008 - Vijay Ram (Semifinalist) Visit Us McConnell Hall 1705 W Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us TAMS 1155 Union Circle #305309 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3606 tamsadmissions@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 05, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links 