 tams   research 2014 summer 2014 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2014 summer 2014 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2014 summer 2014 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2014 summer 2014 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2014 summer 2014 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2014 summer 2014 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2014 summer 2014 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2014 summer 2014 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2014 summer 2014 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2014 summer 2014 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science  2014 Summer Research Projects | Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ Academics » Academics Academic Program Academic Advising College Advising Summer Mathematics Institute Graduation 2017 » Graduation 2017 2017 Graduation Cards Seminar Schedule Academic Forms » Academic Forms CEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student Life » Student Life Wall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) Research » Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring Program » Alumni Mentoring Program AMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni Counseling » Counseling Personal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Search form Search Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Main menu Home AdmissionsAbout TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ AcademicsAcademic Program Academic Advising College Advising Graduation 20172017 Graduation Cards Summer Mathematics Institute Seminar Schedule Academic FormsCEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student LifeWall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) ResearchSummer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring ProgramAMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni CounselingPersonal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing 2014 Summer Research Projects The following is a list of projects worked on by TAMS students during the Summer of 2014. Name Research Project Anushree Agrawal Characterizing the p53 Conditional R245W Mutant Allele Mentor – Dr. Swathi Arur Department of Genetics MD Aanderson Terrance Alexander Gene Detection Program Mentor – Dr. Rajeev Azad Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Niranjan Balachandar Coevolution Analysis Reveals Evolutionary Divergence of Intrinsically Disordered Proteins Mentor – Center for Excellence in Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology Adith Balamurugan Skeletons and Mesh The Future of Patient, Doctor Interactions Mentor – Dr. Balakrishnan Prabhakaran Department of Computer Science The University of Texas at Dallas Akilesh Bapu Novel Method to Create Lighter and Stronger Porous Materials using Nanorod Reinforcements Mentor – Dr. Srinivasan Srivilliputhur Department of Materials Science & Engineering University of North Texas Keerat Baweja Using Positive, Negative, and Neutral Sentiment to Identify a Pessimistic Explanatory Style Mentor – Dr. Rodney D Nielsen Department of Computer Science & Engineering University of North Texas Mohammad Behnia Spice Free Nanoelectronic Circuit Design Exploration A VCO Case Study Mentor – Dr. Saraju Mohanty Department of Computer Science & Engineering University of North Texas Michael Bih Analyzing the Effects of Poly-D-Lysine Small Peptides on the Helical Content of Cardiac Myosin Subfragment-2 Mutants and WT Mentor – Dr. Douglas Root Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Price Bullock Untangled II Unbound An Interactive Design Environment to Create, Untangle, and Explore Low Energy Designs Mentor – Dr. Gayatri Mehta Department of Electrical Engineering University of North Texas Jasmine Chaij Assymetric Heating of Solution to Prevent Medium Stratification Dr. Guenter Gross Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Andrew Chang A Novel Approach to Evaluate the CETS Genes' Interaction with Cotton Mentor - Dr. Brian Ayre Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Aaron Chao Inducible Immunity in Plants COL2 Function in Promoting Systemic Acquired Resistance Mentor – Dr. Jyoti Shah Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Laxmi Chintakayala The Effects of mpp1 on Thrombosis Mentor – Dr. Pudur Jagadeeswaran Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Vishnu Dantu Understanding the Role of Bivalent Neuregulin in Cardiac Regeneration Mentor – Dr. Richard T. Lee Harvard Stem Cell Institute Harvard University Justin Du Characteristics of Primary Cilia in Proliferating Glial and Perivascular Cells Following Traumatic Brain Injury Mentor – Dr. Jannon Fuchs Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Michelle Feng Horizontal Gene Transfer within Aspergillus niger Mentor - Dr. Rajeev K. Azad Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Prashanth Ganesh The Global Stochastic Field Simulator A Tool for Simulating Disease Transmission in Dynamic and Heterogeneous Populations Dr. Armin Mikler Department of Computer Science & Engineering University of North Texas Evelyn Gartstein The Role of Stachys byzantina in Hemostasis in Zebrafish Mentor – Dr. Pudur Jagadeeswaran Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Maxwell Gray Modeling the transport and effect of ion precipitation in the atmosphere of Jupiter Answering how the ions change charge, produce secondary electrons, and slow down Mentor - Dr. David Schultz Department of Physics University of North Texas Michael Hashe Comparison of Computational Methods for Ground State Single Reference Geometry Optimizations of Lanthanide Trichloride Compounds Mentor – Dr. Teresa Golden Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Alberto Him Exploring Mutations in the 3-KAT, P-80, Clasp 2 and Clasp 10 Maize Genes Mentor – Dr. Amanda Wright Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Mitchell Hoenig Using fNIRS Imaging to Analyze the Effect of Exercise on Brain Function and to Search for Potential Hands-Free Wheelchair Control Mentor – Dr. Nicoladie Tam Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Sunand Iyer Boolean Analysis of Mutual Exclusivity of Gene Mutations in Cancer Pathways Mentor – Dr. Debashis Sahoo Institute of Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine Stanford School of Medicine University Hrishikesh Iyer Synthesis of Gold Nanoparticles in Chitosan and Supplementary Biocompatible Mediums Mentor - Dr. Mohammad Omary Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Steven Jacob Assymetric Heating of Solution to Prevent Medium Stratification Mentor - Dr. Guenter Gross Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Franklin Jia Methane-to-Methanol Oxidation Report Mentor – Dr. Thomas Cundari Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Tiffany Jiang The Study of Metal Substitution in Artificial Bone Using XRD Rietveld Analysis Mentor - Dr. Teresa Golden Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Suna Kim mahler-koksma-classification Mentor – Dr. Lior Fishman Department of Mathematics University of North Texas Nikhil Kokkapuni Comparison of Segmentation in Human and Chimpanzee X Chromosomes and Horizontal Gene Transfer in Amborella Mentor – Dr. Rajeev Azad Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Napasorn Kuprasertkul A Novel Methodology to Mimic Biological Properties using Ionic Liquids An Extensive in silico Study Mentor – Dr. Bill Acree Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Justin Leung Synthesis and Study of a Novel Two-Coordinate Au I Complex as a Precursor for A I Catalytic Studies Mentor – Dr. LeGrande Slaughter Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Jesse Li A Genomic and Phenotypic Investigation of Sulfur Deprivation Responses in Chlamydomonas reinhardtii Mentor – Dr. Arthur Grossman Department of Plant Biology Carnegie Institution for Science Raviteja Lingineni Controlled Tire Deformation to Decrease Rolling Resistance and Improve Fuel Economy Mentor – Dr. Jaehyung Ju Department of Mechanical & Energy Engineering University of North Texas Lily Liu Oxidative Cleavage of Methoxyethane by Transition Metal Atoms A Computational Study on Catalytic Properties of Metals and Performance of DFT Functionals Mentor – Dr. Angela Wilson Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Ricardo Lopez Photon Statistics of Emitters near Plasmonic Nanostructures Mentor - Dr. Vladimir Drachev Department of Physics University of North Texas Alexander Lu Low Temperature Synth of Graphene Structures Mentor - Dr. Gary Glass Department of Physics University of North Texas Soumya Mandava Phenotypic Plasticity Of Cardiovascular Control Systems During Vertebrate Ontogeny-2 Mentor - Dr. Dane Crossley Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Sumedha Mehta A Novel Methodology to Mimic Biological Properties using Ionic Liquids An Extensive in silico Study Mentor - Dr. Bill Acree Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Jisoo Min Environmental Chamber Construction for Cancer Cell Property Characterization Mentor - Dr. Tae-Youl Choi Department of Mechanical & Energy Engineering University of North Texas Tofunmi Ogunfunmi Optical Imaging of the Brain Mentor - Dr. Nicoladie Tam Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Kishan Patel PVC and Alternative Plasticizers Mentor - Dr. Witold Brostow Department of Materials Science & Engineering University of North Texas Justin Qian Methane-to-Methanol Oxidation Report Mentor - Dr. Thomas Cundari Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Parth Rawat The Importance of Arl13b and ACIII Primary Cilia in Glial Cells and Neurons Mentor - Dr. Jannon Fuchs Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Anish Reddy Development of Novel 17-Residue Polypeptides to Mitigate the Effects of Familial Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Mentor - Dr. Douglas Root Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Shawn Ren Shank3 Mutations Lead to Disrupted Homer-mGluR5 Binding in Pathway for Autistic Characteristics in Mice Mentor - Dr. Craig Powell Neurology UT Southwestern Sanchit Sachdeva Influence of Polymer coating and polymer concretes on Thermoelectric materials and devices Mentor - Dr. Witold Brostow Department of Materials Science & Engineering University of North Texas Varada Salimath Exploring Aldh1L1 and CstC as Astrocyte Markers Mentor - Dr. Jannon Fuchs Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Susmitha Sayana Influence of Polymer coating and polymer concretes on Thermoelectric materials and devices Mentor - Dr. Witold Brostow Department of Materials Science & Engineering University of North Texas Joanne Shang Reactive Astrogliosis and Regulation of G Protein-Coupled Receptors in Seizures Mentor - Dr. Jannon Fuchs Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Stephanie Shea The Effect of Electroplating on MEA Plates Mentor - Dr. Guenter Gross Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Christopher Shen Electrowetting-Controlled Dual Liquid Prism for Adaptive Beam Steering Mentor - Dr. Jiangtao Cheng Department of Mechanical & Energy Engineering University of North Texas Akshay Singh Development of Novel 17-Residue Polypeptides to Mitigate the Effects of Familial Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Mentor - Dr. Douglas Root Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Eric Su A new method of coding for flash storage systems Mentor - Dr. Shengli Fu Department of Electrical Engineering University of North Texas Lucille Tang Motor-Control Prosthetics Mentor - Dr. Nicoladie Tam Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Tony Tao Thin Film Summary DrSh Mentor - Dr. Nigel Shepherd Department of Materials Science & Engineering University of North Texas Aris Taychameekiatchai Relating X-ray Luminosity of AGNs to the total power of their Corresponding Black Holes Mentor - Dr. Ohad Shemmer Department of Physics University of North Texas Shannon Teaw A Study of Cis Cobalt Bipyridine Complexes in the Selective Oxidation of Methane to Methanol Mentor - Dr. Thomas Cundari Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Keerthi Thallapureddy Factor VIII knockout using CRISPR/Cas9 Method Mentor - Dr. Pudur Jagadeeswaran Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Brittney Thornton A Study of Cis Cobalt Bipyridine Complexes in the Selective Oxidation of Methane to Methanol Mentor - Dr. Thomas Cundari Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Akash Wadawadigi A Novel Methodology to Mimic Biological Properties using Ionic Liquids An Extensive in silico Study Mentor - Dr. Bill Acree Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Max Wang High-Impedance Electromagnetic Survaces Mentor - Dr. Hualiang Zhang Department of Electrical Engineering University of North Texas Louisa Xie Krithika Suresh The Impact of Medical Evidence and Psychosocial Influence on Medical Student's Judgments of Patient Pain A Vignette Study Mentor - Dr. Zina Trost Department of Psychology University of North Texas Arun Yagnamurthy Effects Of Pre-Incubation Egg Storage On Viability, Growth, And Physiological Functions (Acid Base And Hematological Regulation) Mentor - Dr. Hiroshi Tazawa Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Michelle Yang Creating a Model for Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Mentor - Dr. Douglas Root Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Andy Ye A Quantum Mechanical Computational Study on the Reactions of ?? and ?? Singlet Carbenes with CX4 (X=H, F, Cl, Br and I) Mentor - Dr. Weston Borden Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Kevin Ye Polymer Scratching Simulation with Mesosopic Molecular Dynamics Mentor - Dr. W. Brostow Department of Materials Science and Engineering University of North Texas Thomas Yu The Role of Ciliary and Centrosomal Proteins in Cell Cycle Regulation in Naked Mole Rat Brain Cells Mentor - Dr. Jannon Fuchs Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Franklin Zhang Reactive Astrogliosis and Regulation of G Protein-Coupled Receptors in Seizures Mentor - Dr. Jannon Fuchs Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Caroline Zhu Discovering Drug Possibilities for the Treatment of Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Mentor - Dr. Douglas Root Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Visit Us McConnell Hall 1705 W Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us TAMS 1155 Union Circle #305309 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3606 tamsadmissions@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 05, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links 