 tams   research 2013 summer 2013 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2013 summer 2013 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2013 summer 2013 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2013 summer 2013 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2013 summer 2013 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2013 summer 2013 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2013 summer 2013 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2013 summer 2013 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2013 summer 2013 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2013 summer 2013 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science  2013 Summer Research Projects | Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ Academics » Academics Academic Program Academic Advising College Advising Summer Mathematics Institute Graduation 2017 » Graduation 2017 2017 Graduation Cards Seminar Schedule Academic Forms » Academic Forms CEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student Life » Student Life Wall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) Research » Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring Program » Alumni Mentoring Program AMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni Counseling » Counseling Personal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Search form Search Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Main menu Home AdmissionsAbout TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ AcademicsAcademic Program Academic Advising College Advising Graduation 20172017 Graduation Cards Summer Mathematics Institute Seminar Schedule Academic FormsCEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student LifeWall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) ResearchSummer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring ProgramAMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni CounselingPersonal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing 2013 Summer Research Projects The following is a list of projects worked on by TAMS students during the Summer of 2013. Name Research Project Hans Ajieren Active Space Analysis of Praseodymium and Promethium Monofluorides Mentor – Dr. Angela Wilson Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Jack Cheng Characterization of high-temperature polymer coatings for thermoelectric generatios Mentor – Dr. Witold Brostow Department of Engineering and Materials Science University of North Texas Ben Chi Active Space Analysis of Praseodymium and Promethium Monofluorides Mentor – Dr. Angela Wilson Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Eileen Dai Supramolecular interaction in an ion-paired multinuclear complex for improved luminescence Mentor – Dr. Mohammad Omary Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Tony Deng Investigation of the JAK-STAT signaling pathway in Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma Mentor – Dr. Jaye Johnson Department of Head and Neck Oncology MD Anderson Cancer Center Pranav Devalla An optimization of vehicle routing methods to accommodate network damage in large-scale emergencies Mentor – Dr. Armin Mikler Department of Computer Science and Engineering University of North Texas Krzysztof Drewniak A Method for Reducing the Severity of Epidemics by Allocating Vaccines According  to Centrality Mentor – Dr. Armin Mikler Department of Computer Science and Engineering University of North Texas Ethan Fan Determination of a Method for Autonomous Movement via Neurological Signals Mentor – Dr. Nicoladie Tam Department of Biological Sciences Univeristy of North Texas Veena Ghorakavi Finding the function of a gene that may pertain to the relation of SAR and flowering  Mentor – Dr. Jyoti Shah Department of Biological Sciences Univeristy of North Texas Leon Gu Earth Abundant Catalysis for the Conversion of Natual Gas to Liquids Mentor – Dr. Cundari Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Rahul Gupta Modeling Poly-Lysine Interactions with Mutant and Wild Type Cardiac Myosin Subfragment-2 Mentor – Dr. Douglas Root Department of Biological Sciences Univeristy of North Texas Lucy Hao Over activity in CA3 of the Hippocampus: Link to Schizophrenia Mentor – Dr. Carol A. Tamminga Department of Psychiatry UT Southwestern Medical Center Stacy Ho An investigation into Polyamines for Improving the Stability of Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Mutant Myosin Peptides Mentor – Dr. Douglas Root Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Valerie Huynh Restraining Seizures: Roles of Somatostatin type-3 receptors and Melanin-concentrating hormone receptor 1 on Primary Cilia   Mentor – Dr. Jannon Fuchs Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Peter Jiang Chemical Modification of Wood Sawdust in Polymer-Wood Composites Mentor – Dr. Wiltold Brostow Department of Engineering and Materials Science University of North Texas Sagar Khetpal Discovering a Method to Control p53-dependent Apoptosis in Cancer Cells: Stressors to p53 Activation in the Stem Cells of Ovaries of Drosophila melanogaster  Mentor – Dr. John Abrams Department of Cell Biology UT Southwestern Medical Center Vanessa Ku dcd3 Maize Mutations  Mentor – Dr. Amanda Wright Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Amy Kuprasertkul The Effect of ATP, dATP, and other Nucleotides on the contractility of Myofibrils  Mentor – Dr. Douglas Root  Department of Biological Sciences  University of North Texas Helen Lu A Cost-Effective Predictive Method for the Purification and Synthesis of Novel Sulfonamide Antimicrobial Drugs Synteny Visualization Display Problem Mentor – Dr. William Acree  Department of Chemistry  University of North Texas Rosalind Ma The Comparison of the Efficiency of CLARITY to that of Standard Sectioning Methods on P30 GFP GFAP Mice Mentor – Dr. Qing Richard Lu  Department of Development Biology  UT Southwestern Medical Center Siva Manivasagam Application of a pseudopotential-based composite method for first and second row transition metal thermochemistry Mentor – Dr. Angela Wilson  Department of Chemistry  University of North Texas Roja Manohar Epigenetic Effects of hypoxia on the Morphology and Physiology of Drosophila melanogaster  Mentor – Dr. Warren Burggren  Department of Biological Science University of North Texas William Ou DFT Modeling of the Aldehyde-Water Shift Reaction with a Cationic CpIr Catalyst  Mentor – Dr. Tom Cundari  Department of Chemistry  University of North Texas Alisha Paul Taxonomic profiling of bacterial metagenomes Mentor – Dr. Rafeev Azad  Department of Biological Sciences  University of North Texas Subodh Potla Determination of a Method for Autonomous Movement via Neurological Signals  Mentor – Dr. Nicolade Tam  Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas David Qiu Properties of Concrete Aggregate and Admixtures  Mentor – Dr. Witold Browtow  Department of Materials Science and Engineering  University of North Texas Aishwarya Ramamurthi Protein Stripping of Peptoid-Coupled Beads for Fluoroscopic Peptoid Library Screen  Mentor – Dr. Dwight German  Department of Psychiatry  UT Southwestern Medical Center Anita Rao The role of Parent Behaviors and Parent-Child Interactions Mentor – Dr. Daniel Taylor  Department of Psycology  University of North Texas Victoria Rivera-Peterson JAK3- Not Just Another Kinase Target for Leukemia Therapy Mentor – Dr. Robert Kirken  Department of Biological Sciences  University of Texas at El Paso Mathews Roy Dynamic effect of micro particles in a liquid  Mentor – Dr. Zhenhai Xia  Department of Materials Science and Engineering  University of North Texas Kinnari Ruikar The Role of P2Y1 and P2Y12 in Hemostasis  Mentor – Dr. Pudur Jagadeeswaran  Department of Biological Sciences  University of North Texas Kalpana Satish A Cost-Effective Predictive Method for the Purification and Synthesis of Novel Sulfonamide Antimicrobial Drugs  Mentor – Dr. William Acree  Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Julia Shan A Cost-Effective Predictive Method for the Purification and Synthesis of Novel Sulfonamide Antimicrobial Drugs  Mentor – Dr. William Acree  Department of Biological Sciences  University of North Texas Harvey Shi A Quantitative Study of ZnSe Nanowires and its Potential Applications in Industry  Mentor – Dr. Marco Buongiorno  Department of Physics and Chemistry    University of North Texas Minji Son Verification of the Presence of Meis1 in Cardiomyocytes using tdTomato Protein Reporters Mentor – Dr. Hesham A. Sadek  Department of Intrenal Medicine, Cardiology  University of Texas Southwester Tracy Theisen Electrolytic Deposition of Thiophene-3-Acetic Acid onto ITO Mentor – Dr. Guenter Gross  Department of Biology  University of North Texas Robert Tung A Novel Statistical Representation of Education and Development  Mentor – Dr. Alex White  Department of Mathematics  Texas State University Dmitri Ukraintsev Respiration Rate of Drosophila Melanogaster Embryos Mentor – Dr. Stanislav Shvartsman and Dr. Joe Benziger  Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering  Princeton University Annabel Wang Wetting Angles of Molten Polymers on Thermoelectric Solid Metal Surfaces  Mentor – Dr. Haley E. Hagg Lobland  Department of Materials Science and Engineering University of North Texas Bobby Wang Restraining Seizures: Roles of Somatostatin type-3 receptors and Melanin-concentration hormone receptor 1 on Primary Cilia  Mentor – Dr. Fuchs  Department of Biological Sciences  University of North Texas Natalie Wingfield The Detection of Cancer through Electrical Impedance Scanning: A Model  Mentor – Dr. Vijay Vaidyanathan  Department of Engineering  University of North Texas Erin Yang Clonal Dynamics of Hepatocytes in the Context of Regeneration after Chronic CCl4 Intoxication  Mentor – Dr. Hao Zhu  Department of Internal Medicine Pediatrics  University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center Cindy Yu Mitochondrial Dysfunction: Potential Link Between Maternal High Fat Diet and Etiology of Autism Spectrum Disorders  Mentor – Dr. Deborah Clegg  Department of Internal Medicine University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center Eric Zhang Suppression of Hepatic XP1s Decreases the Bile Salt Pool  Mentor – Dr. Richard M. Green  Department of Medicine-Gastroenterology Hepatology  Northwestern University Haoling Zhu The Effects of Tension on the Structure of the Actin Filament Using a Modification of the Gravitational Force Spectrometer  Mentor – Dr. Douglas Root Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas     Visit Us McConnell Hall 1705 W Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us TAMS 1155 Union Circle #305309 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3606 tamsadmissions@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 05, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links 