 tams   research 2012 summer 2012 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2012 summer 2012 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2012 summer 2012 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2012 summer 2012 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2012 summer 2012 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2012 summer 2012 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2012 summer 2012 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2012 summer 2012 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2012 summer 2012 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   research 2012 summer 2012 Summer Research Projects Texas Academy of Mathematics Science  2012 Summer Research Projects | Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ Academics » Academics Academic Program Academic Advising College Advising Summer Mathematics Institute Graduation 2017 » Graduation 2017 2017 Graduation Cards Seminar Schedule Academic Forms » Academic Forms CEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student Life » Student Life Wall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) Research » Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring Program » Alumni Mentoring Program AMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni Counseling » Counseling Personal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Search form Search Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Main menu Home AdmissionsAbout TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ AcademicsAcademic Program Academic Advising College Advising Graduation 20172017 Graduation Cards Summer Mathematics Institute Seminar Schedule Academic FormsCEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student LifeWall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) ResearchSummer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring ProgramAMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni CounselingPersonal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing 2012 Summer Research Projects The following is a list of projects worked on by TAMS students during the Summer of 2012. Name Research Project Elizabeth Abraham RFO Production in RFO & MIPS1 Crosses Mentor – Dr. Brian Ayre Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Dylan Airey Arithmetic Progressions on Cantor-Like Sets Mentor – Dr. Lior Fishman Department of Mathematics University of North Texas Murtaza Ali Stratification of Osmolarity and pH in Culture Medium at Thermal Equilibrium and Resolution by Asymmetric Heating Mentor – Dr. Guenter Gross Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Mohamedali Basrai Determining Relative Location Through Images Mentor – Dr. Xiaohui Yuan Department of Computer Science and Engineering University of North Texas Kevin Chang On Optimizations of Cayley Graphs Mentor – Dr. Xingde Jia Department of Mathematics Texas State University Alex Chen A Study in Luminescence Phosphorescence of Gold(I) Pyrazolate Trimers Mentor – Dr. Mohammad Omary Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Howei Chen IPAS Pathfinder Project NASA Johnson Space Center Keith Chen Optically Transparent PMMA Composite Reinforced by PAN Hollow Nanofibers Mentor – Dr. Xun Yu Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering Univeristy of North Texas Kevin Chen MaSC: An Effective Method to Detect Aberrantly Methylated/Expressed Genesin Cancer with Consideration of Heterogeneity Mentor – Dr. Xiaotu Ma Department of Molecular & Cell Biology University of Texas at Dallas Yang Chen Computational Methods on the Stability of Tropomyosin with Different Fields Mentor – Dr. Douglas Root Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Alexander Cheng Neuro-Prosthetic Control Using Functional near-Infrared Spectroscopy Mentor – Dr. Nicoladie Tam Department of Biological Sciences Univeristy of North Texas David Chi A Novel Standard of Glycated Hemoglobin for Use in Diabetes Diagnostics Mentor – Dr. Fei Xiao Institute of Geriatrics, Laboratory of Cell Biology Beijing Hospital Maneera Chopra Presence of Acetylcholine and Serotonin in Neuronal Cells of Catfish Gills Mentor – Dr. Michael Hedrick Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Tina Chu Force Spectroscopy of Tropomyosin to Elucidate Causes of Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Mentor – Dr. Douglas Root Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Nisheet Dabadge Abraham Solvation Model Correlations and Their Predictive Applications Mentor – Dr. William Acree Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Delvin Daison Fetal Growth Restriction Through Yolk Extraction: Fetal Programming in Chickens Mentor – Dr. Warren Burggren Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Sawyer Foyle Epitaxial Growth of Boron Nitride on Cobalt Disilicide/Silicon (111)Surface and Graphene on Cobalt Oxide Mentor – Dr. Jeffry Kelber Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Cody Freitag Modeling of Late 3d Transition Metal Metathesis of tert-Butoxide Complexes with Amines Mentor – Dr. Thomas Cundari Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Alvin Gao Graph Theory Based Greedy Optimization Algorithms for the Multiple Genome Synteny Visualization Display Problem Mentor – Dr. Qunfeng Dong Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Ari Gao Somatostatin type 3 Receptors Mediate Protective Effects Against Seizures Mentor – Dr. Jannon Fuchs Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Aisha Gillan Decision Support Tool for Adaptive Interdisciplinary Chronic Pain Management Mentor – Dr. Victoria Chen Department of Industrial & Manufacturing Systems Engineering University of Texas at Arlington Karl Gross Properties of pp̅ → Events in an Idealized Detector Mentor – Dr. David Toback Department of Physics Texas A&M University David Hao The Characterization of Reactive Astrocytes after Brain Lesion Mentor – Dr. Jannon Fuchs Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Jianing He Optimizing Front End Design for Direct Analysis of Air Quality in Oil and Gas Fields Mentor – Dr. Guido Verbeck Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Alex Hong Electrospun Acrylonitrile-Based Bandages for Storage and Drug Delivery of Nitric Oxide for Wound Healing Mentor – Dr. Jannon Fuchs Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Daniel Huang Macrophage Lineage Does Not Participate in the Formation of Lymphatic Vessels under Normal Conditions Mentor – Dr. Rolf Brekken Hamon Center for Therapeutic Oncology Resesarch UT Southwestern Medical Center Jeremy Huang External Wireless Communication Test Bed: Development of an External Wireless Communication (EWC) Test Bed for Electronic Systems Testing Laboratory using 802.11n Wireless Configuration Mentor – Dr. Jin Ye Department of Molecular Genetics UT Southwestern Medical Center William Huang The Characterization of Reactive Astrocytes after Brain Lesion Mentor – Dr. Jannon Fuchs Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Shailavi Jain Refining the Process of Plasmid Manufacturing for Cancer Vaccines Mentor – Dr. Phil Maples Vice President of Technical Operations Gradalis Inc. Alysha Joseph Interactions of Cationic Polyamines with Familial Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Mutation Sites in an Unstable Coiled-Coil Region of Myosin Mentor – Dr. Douglas Root Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Karan Kashyap Square Planar Platinum-Based Chromophores for Photovoltaic Applications Mentor – Dr. Mohammad Omary Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Daniel Li Bioinformatics Analysis and Gene Cloning of F. vesca Flavonid Glycosyltransferases for Enzyme Assays and Substrate Affinites Regulation Mentor – Dr. Vladimir Shulaev Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Neil McHenry NASA Johnson Space Center Vaishnavi Narayanan Incorporation of Delaminated Zn-Al-NO3 LDH Platelets into Ni Films Deposited on Stainless Steel Surfaces Mentor – Dr. Teresa Golden Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Kevin Pham Neuro-Prosthetic Control Using Functional near-Infrared Spectroscopy Mentor – Dr. Nicoladie Tam Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Erin Philip The Effects of Social Networking on Adolescent Behavior Mentor – Dr. Shelley Riggs Department of Psychology University of North Texas Sushanth Reddy An Investigation into Hydroxyapatite Coated Ti-35Nb-7Zr-5Ta for Bio-medical Applications Mentor – Dr. Rajarshi Banerjee Department of Materials Science and Engineering University of North Texas Shannon Shipley Optimization of Thermoelectric Generation through the Use of Polymeric Sealants Mentor – Dr. Tea Datashvili Department of Materials Science & Engineering University of North Texas Darius Simmons 3D Analysis of Metal Ceramic Hybrids Mentor – Dr. Rajarshi Banerjee Department of Materials Science and Engineering University of North Texas Adam Su On the Generalized Distributive Lattices and Extreme Cases of Comb Posets Mentor – Dr. R.P. Wang Department of Physics Peking University Amy Tian Abraham Solvation Model Correlations and Their Predictive Applications Mentor – Dr. William Acree Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Wendy Tong Towards Efficient and Accurate Thermochemistry of Big Transition Metal Complexes Mentor – Dr. Angela Wilson Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Sally Tran The Mapping and Cloning of discordia3 Mutants Mentor – Dr. Amanda Wright Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Deesha Tripathy Involvement of ABA signaling in Acclimation of Plantsto a Combination of Salt and Heat Stress Mentor – Dr. Ron Mittler Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Diana Wang Interactions of Cationic Polyamines with Familial Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Mutation Sites in an Unstable Coiled-Coil Region of Myosin Mentor – Dr. Douglas Root Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Justin Wong Effects of N-Acylethanolamine 12:0 on Arabidopsis Thaliana Mentor – Dr. Swati Tripathy Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Larry Xiao Chemical Modification of Natural Fibers in Polymer-Based Composites Novel Components for a Sustainable Future Mentor – Dr. Tea Datashvili Department of Materials Science & Engineering University of North Texas Helen Xiong Wear Resistance and Mechanics of ß-Nucleated Polypropylene-Clay Mentor – Dr. Witold Brostow Department of Materials Science & Engineering University of North Texas Flora Yan Presence of Acetylcholine and Serotonin in Neuronal Cells of Catfish Gills Mentor – Dr. Michael Hedrick Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Chenyao Yu Open-Shell Correlation Consistent Composite Approach (ccCA): Z-Averaged Pertubation Theory Mentor – Dr. Angela Wilson Department of Chemistry University of North Texas Faith Yu Analysis of Astrocytic and Neuronal Cilia Length and Intensity in Relation to Injury Mentor – Dr. Jannon Fuchs Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Christine Yuan Using In Vitro Motility Assays to Determine the Effect of ATP on ActinFilament Length Mentor – Dr. Douglas Root Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Kai Yue Speech Recognizer Control for Discoverable Parameters of Networked Software Mentor – Dr. Witold Brostow Department of Materials Science and Engineering University of North Texas Greg Zhang Mentor – Dr. Srinivasan G. Srivilliputhur Department of Materials Science and Engineering University of North Texas Jennifer Zhang The Effect of Familial Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Mutations on the Potential Interactions between Myosin and Myosin Binding Protein C: A Computational Method Mentor – Dr. Douglas Root Department of Biological Sciences University of North Texas Allen Zhao 2012 NASA Summer Internship Mentor – Dr. Jincheng Du Department of Materials Science and Engineering University of North Texas Visit Us McConnell Hall 1705 W Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us TAMS 1155 Union Circle #305309 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3606 tamsadmissions@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 05, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links 