 tams   alumni donate How To Donate Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   alumni donate How To Donate Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   alumni donate How To Donate Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   alumni donate How To Donate Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   alumni donate How To Donate Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   alumni donate How To Donate Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   alumni donate How To Donate Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   alumni donate How To Donate Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   alumni donate How To Donate Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   alumni donate How To Donate Texas Academy of Mathematics Science  How To Donate | Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ Academics » Academics Academic Program Academic Advising College Advising Summer Mathematics Institute Graduation 2017 » Graduation 2017 2017 Graduation Cards Seminar Schedule Academic Forms » Academic Forms CEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student Life » Student Life Wall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) Research » Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring Program » Alumni Mentoring Program AMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni Counseling » Counseling Personal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Search form Search Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Main menu Home AdmissionsAbout TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ AcademicsAcademic Program Academic Advising College Advising Graduation 20172017 Graduation Cards Summer Mathematics Institute Seminar Schedule Academic FormsCEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student LifeWall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) ResearchSummer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring ProgramAMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni CounselingPersonal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring ProgramAMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni How To Donate You can remember times when you or your classmates needed a bit of financial help. It may have been a parent's job loss, a great opportunity to go to a scientific meeting, or some help to get home on closed weekends. TAMS has several funds that are used to meet these special situations, since State funds are very restricted in their use. TAMS Endowment The academy has a small, but growing endowment account. The funds are invested by the UNT Foundation and the proceeds are used for helping students. Dean's Fund The dean maintains a fund for unrestricted use. This money is immediately available for academy needs. Recently, this fund has been used to help students get home on closed weekends, travel to scientific meetings, and to send flowers to sick students and staff. Student Life This account is used for the support of clubs and other activities. How do I give? Donations may be sent directly to TAMS in care of the Dean's Office at: 1155 Union Circle #305309 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Gifts to the TAMS Endowment must be made payable to the UNT Foundation. How about online? You betcha. Click here to donate. Be sure to designate "TAMS" as the recipient and which fund you desire. You will receive a receipt for tax purposes from UNT. Questions? Contact our Director of Development,  Alan Thornton. Visit Us McConnell Hall 1705 W Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us TAMS 1155 Union Circle #305309 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3606 tamsadmissions@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 05, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links 