 tams   counseling Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   counseling Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   counseling Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   counseling Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   counseling Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   counseling Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   counseling Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   counseling Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   counseling Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science tams   counseling Counseling Texas Academy of Mathematics Science  Counseling | Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Admissions » Admissions About TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ Academics » Academics Academic Program Academic Advising College Advising Summer Mathematics Institute Graduation 2017 » Graduation 2017 2017 Graduation Cards Seminar Schedule Academic Forms » Academic Forms CEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student Life » Student Life Wall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) Research » Research Summer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing Alumni » Alumni Update Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring Program » Alumni Mentoring Program AMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni Counseling » Counseling Personal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Search form Search Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Texas Academy of Mathematics & Science Main menu Home AdmissionsAbout TAMS How to Apply Admissions Calendar Eligibility Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Early College Entrance FAQ AcademicsAcademic Program Academic Advising College Advising Graduation 20172017 Graduation Cards Summer Mathematics Institute Seminar Schedule Academic FormsCEEB Code for TAMS Class Absence Form TEA/VOE Form Research Template Student LifeWall of Acheesement Nomination McConnell Hall Info Clubs Info TAMSiAM TAMS Reservation Calendar Submit Your Yearbook Quote Student Life Staff Community Service Forms and Documents Handbook Calendar (PDF) ResearchSummer Research Early Summer Research Award Winning TAMS Research 2014 Summer Research Projects 2013 Summer Research Projects 2012 Summer Research Projects 3D Printing AlumniUpdate Your Information Events & Updates Alumni Speakers Needed Alumni Mentoring ProgramAMP Mentoring Guide AMP Student Application Alumni Spotlights How To Donate In Memoriam TAMS Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni CounselingPersonal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Contact Us Counseling Personal Counseling Career Counseling Academic Counseling Counseling Staff Counseling Personal Counseling | Career Counseling | Academic Counseling Personal Counseling Who provides the counseling services? Dr. Patrick Turnock, Licensed Psychologist Andrew Shelton, Psychology doctoral student Where are they located? Dr. Turnock's office is located in Sage Hall, Room 214A. Andrew Shelton's office is located in McConnell Hall behind the Student Activities Center. How are appointments scheduled? Call, email, or come by. Dr. Turnock Patrick.Turnock@unt.edu (940) 565-4657 Andrew Shelton Andrew.Shelton@unt.edu (940) 369-7347 What are the types of problems or issues with which they deal? Anything of concern to TAMS students. Everyday decisions and challenges involving: Relationships Personal identity and growth Adjustment to TAMS Deciding on college major/career Academic counseling issues should be referred to the TAMS Academic Office. What if a student is worried about a friend or family member? Students are welcome to come in and talk about these situations. Are rule infractions reported to the staff? No, we do not report disciplinary issues. What about confidentiality? Sessions are confidential Exceptions include danger to self or others Explained in more detail during first meeting What if a TAMS student wants to talk to you in the evening or weekends? Some evening appointments are available If it’s urgent, ask any staff member to page us If necessary and helpful to come to the dorm at night, we will Are there any fees or any limits on appointments? No, all counseling is free of charge. Students can be seen as often as necessary. Career Counseling What is career counseling at TAMS? Many students come to TAMS without clearly defined career goals. Our career counseling service provides an awareness and selection program designed to assist TAMS students in developing a vision and a plan for the future. What types of tests are administered? The tests assess students’ interests, personality types and work values. Students identify individual interests and compare them to those of individuals who are engaged in various occupations. Students also learn about their personality type and relate it to the various tasks and responsibilities of different jobs. In addition, students identify individual values and preferences that clearly impact work roles and satisfaction. How much does it cost? There is no charge for this service. Who provides the career counseling for TAMS students? Career counseling and testing are provided by Dr. Turnock and Jennifer Williams. How do I sign up for career counseling? Make an appointment by calling Dr. Turnock at 565-4657 or Alexandra Thompson at 369-7347 or send them an email at Patrick.Turnock@unt.edu or Andrew.Shelton@unt.edu. They will set up a time to meet with you and arrange for you to take the tests. After the tests are scored, you will be contacted to come in for your individual feedback concerning the results. How can I get more information about specific careers I’m interested in? There is a lot of helpful information available on the internet. Two highly recommended sites that provide job descriptions, required training, work conditions, salaries and up-to-date forecasts of job prospects are The Occupational Outlook Handbook at http://www.bls.gov/oco and Careerinfonet at http://www.acinet.org. Academic Counseling/Advising Please see Academic Counseling on the Academics main page for additional information. Visit Us McConnell Hall 1705 W Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us TAMS 1155 Union Circle #305309 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3606 tamsadmissions@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 05, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links 