 tsgs   grant thornton taps  doctoral student first fellowship and 40000 award Grant Thornton taps  doctoral student for first fellowship and 40 000 award Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   grant thornton taps  doctoral student first fellowship and 40000 award Grant Thornton taps  doctoral student for first fellowship and 40 000 award Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   grant thornton taps  doctoral student first fellowship and 40000 award Grant Thornton taps  doctoral student for first fellowship and 40 000 award Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   grant thornton taps  doctoral student first fellowship and 40000 award Grant Thornton taps  doctoral student for first fellowship and 40 000 award Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   grant thornton taps  doctoral student first fellowship and 40000 award Grant Thornton taps  doctoral student for first fellowship and 40 000 award Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   grant thornton taps  doctoral student first fellowship and 40000 award Grant Thornton taps  doctoral student for first fellowship and 40 000 award Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   grant thornton taps  doctoral student first fellowship and 40000 award Grant Thornton taps  doctoral student for first fellowship and 40 000 award Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   grant thornton taps  doctoral student first fellowship and 40000 award Grant Thornton taps  doctoral student for first fellowship and 40 000 award Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   grant thornton taps  doctoral student first fellowship and 40000 award Grant Thornton taps  doctoral student for first fellowship and 40 000 award Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   grant thornton taps  doctoral student first fellowship and 40000 award Grant Thornton taps  doctoral student for first fellowship and 40 000 award Toulouse Graduate School  Grant Thornton taps UNT doctoral student for first fellowship and $40,000 award | Toulouse Graduate School Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home For Future Students » For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors For New & Current Students » For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ For Faculty & Staff » For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs For Alumni & Friends » For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook People Contact Us Search form Search the UNT web site: Toulouse Graduate School MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Toulouse Graduate School Home For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors Programs UNT offers 82 master’s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs More Info Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info International Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ Support As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services Graduation You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation Teaching UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR. More Resources For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs Forms Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms Defense Notices If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification Resources Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook UNT Alumni The Alumni Association engages the institution’s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association Spotlights View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School. Alumni Success Support Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now People Contact Us Grant Thornton taps UNT doctoral student for first fellowship and $40,000 award DENTON (UNT), Texas ¾ Grant Thornton, one of the largest professional accounting services networks in the world, has named a University of North Texas student its first fellow. Sonja Hightower, a first-year doctoral student and former lecturer in the UNT College of Business Department of Accounting, is the first person to be honored as a Grant Thornton Doctoral Fellow in Accounting. The fellowship comes with a $40,000 award to be divided over four years as long as Hightower meets yearly application criteria. “This is a really special opportunity to be the first university to have a student named as a recipient,” said Marilyn Wiley, dean of the College of Business. “Grant Thornton is a known leader in accounting, and we are immensely proud that this firm has chosen to support one of our students and to support our efforts to continually attract high-level talent.” Hightower has more than 20 years of experience in accounting, finance and banking. Before enrolling at UNT, she was a senior vice president of internal audit and compliance for Vision Bank in Oklahoma. Her professional credentials include certification as a public accountant and internal auditor. She is also a chartered global management accountant and a certified internal auditor. Hightower has a master’s degree in business administration and two bachelor’s degrees.  “With my background, I understand the challenges in bringing academia and practice together,” she said. “Practitioners and researchers are too far apart. I don’t want to just talk about what isn’t working. I want to determine how we can make accounting better and help bridge the gap between academics, practitioners and standard setters.” Throughout the fellowship, Hightower will be mentored by Tyler Jones, an audit services partner in the Dallas office. “We have a great relationship with UNT, and we’re trying to further entrench our brand with professionals in academia,” said Jones, adding that Hightower’s doctoral studies provide opportunities for collaboration on ideas for research. “We have 8,000 professionals and 58 offices in the U.S.,” he said. “As she explores opportunities to do research, she can use me and the resources of our firm.” Grant Thornton has plans to expand the fellowship program in the future to additional universities aligning with their market territory structure. “Sonja will forever have a tie with UNT, but there is also an idea that, yes, she will be considered an alum of Grant Thornton as well,” said Jones.   Feed Tag: UNT News Feed Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center 1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas 76203-5459 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2383 Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 