 tsgs    graduate programs ranked top 25 us news world report  graduate programs ranked in top 25 by U S News World Report Toulouse Graduate School tsgs    graduate programs ranked top 25 us news world report  graduate programs ranked in top 25 by U S News World Report Toulouse Graduate School tsgs    graduate programs ranked top 25 us news world report  graduate programs ranked in top 25 by U S News World Report Toulouse Graduate School tsgs    graduate programs ranked top 25 us news world report  graduate programs ranked in top 25 by U S News World Report Toulouse Graduate School tsgs    graduate programs ranked top 25 us news world report  graduate programs ranked in top 25 by U S News World Report Toulouse Graduate School tsgs    graduate programs ranked top 25 us news world report  graduate programs ranked in top 25 by U S News World Report Toulouse Graduate School tsgs    graduate programs ranked top 25 us news world report  graduate programs ranked in top 25 by U S News World Report Toulouse Graduate School tsgs    graduate programs ranked top 25 us news world report  graduate programs ranked in top 25 by U S News World Report Toulouse Graduate School tsgs    graduate programs ranked top 25 us news world report  graduate programs ranked in top 25 by U S News World Report Toulouse Graduate School tsgs    graduate programs ranked top 25 us news world report  graduate programs ranked in top 25 by U S News World Report Toulouse Graduate School  UNT graduate programs ranked in top 25 by U.S. News & World Report | Toulouse Graduate School Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home For Future Students » For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors For New & Current Students » For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ For Faculty & Staff » For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs For Alumni & Friends » For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook People Contact Us Search form Search the UNT web site: Toulouse Graduate School MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Toulouse Graduate School Home For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors Programs UNT offers 82 master’s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs More Info Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info International Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ Support As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services Graduation You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation Teaching UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR. More Resources For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs Forms Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms Defense Notices If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification Resources Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook UNT Alumni The Alumni Association engages the institution’s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association Spotlights View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School. Alumni Success Support Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now People Contact Us UNT graduate programs ranked in top 25 by U.S. News & World Report Five University of North Texas programs were recently ranked in the top 25 graduate degree programs by U.S. News & World Report. Programs in the College of Information that were ranked in the top 25 are: ●Library and Information Studies — No. 20 ●Health Librarianship — No. 7 ●School Media Library — No. 10 “We are very pleased to continue to offer very high quality programs to our students that are nationally so highly ranked,” said College of Information dean Kinshuk (who goes by one name). “It is the dedication of our staff and faculty that has made it possible, and we look forward to serving our students with the same level of quality and support for years to come.” Programs in the College of Health and Public Service (formerly the College of Public Affairs and Community Service) that were ranked in the top 25 are: ●City Management and Urban Policy, a specialization in the master of public administration program — No. 13 ●Rehabilitation Counseling, a master’s degree program in the Department of Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation — No. 15. Abraham Benavides, chair of the Department of Public Administration, which houses the master of public administration program, said the ranking of the city management and urban policy specialization “is a testament to the dedicated faculty, staff, students, and alumni of our program.” Linda Holloway, chair of the Department of Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation, said the ranking of the rehabilitation counseling program “reflects the incredible passion and talent of our faculty, staff and students.” “Students often remark about how accessible the faculty are to them and how much support they receive. The faculty are nationally recognized for their research and contributions to the field but they have not lost sight of their true purpose for being in higher education—- which is to prepare our students to be highly qualified and competent professionals,” Holloway said. She added that students graduate from the rehabilitation counseling program with a 98 percent employment rate. “It is evident that employers value the contributions that our graduates make to their organizations,” Holloway said.     Feed Tag: UNT News Feed Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center 1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas 76203-5459 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2383 Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 