s research   faculty resources integrity compliance irb Use of Humans in Research IRB Research and Innovations research   faculty resources integrity compliance irb Use of Humans in Research IRB Research and Innovations research   faculty resources integrity compliance irb Use of Humans in Research IRB Research and Innovations research   faculty resources integrity compliance irb Use of Humans in Research IRB Research and Innovations research   faculty resources integrity compliance irb Use of Humans in Research IRB Research and Innovations research   faculty resources integrity compliance irb Use of Humans in Research IRB Research and Innovations research   faculty resources integrity compliance irb Use of Humans in Research IRB Research and Innovations research   faculty resources integrity compliance irb Use of Humans in Research IRB Research and Innovations research   faculty resources integrity compliance irb Use of Humans in Research IRB Research and Innovations research   faculty resources integrity compliance irb Use of Humans in Research IRB Research and Innovation  Use of Humans in Research (IRB) | Research and Innovation Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty Resources » Faculty Resources MC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts Administration » Office of Grants & Contracts Administration Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) » Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) Step 1 : Request a Grants and Contracts Specialist (GCS) Step 2 : Electronic proposal routing / Cayuse SP Step 3 : Optional for Grants.gov only / Cayuse 424 Cayuse FAQs Cayuse Help Cayuse Contacts Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) Guidelines Limited Submissions Process » Limited Submissions Process Limited Submissions Funding Opportunities FAQ Research Integrity & Compliance » Research Integrity & Compliance Use of Humans in Research (IRB) Use of Animals in Research (IACUC) Financial Conflict of Interest Export Controls Research Integrity Research Misconduct Federal Regulations Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization About Us » About Us Reports & Statistics » Reports & Statistics Previous Fiscal Years Current Fiscal Year Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People Search form Search Research and Innovation MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of Research and Innovation Research and Innovation Main menu Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty ResourcesMC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts Administration Research Integrity & ComplianceUse of Humans in Research (IRB) Use of Animals in Research (IACUC) Financial Conflict of Interest Export Controls Research Integrity Research Misconduct Federal Regulations Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization About UsReports & Statistics Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People Faculty Resources MC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts Administration Research Integrity & ComplianceUse of Humans in Research (IRB) Use of Animals in Research (IACUC) Financial Conflict of Interest Export Controls Research Integrity Research Misconduct Federal Regulations Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization Forms » Use of Humans in Research (IRB) 2016-2017 UNT IRB Full Board Meeting Calendar Deadline for Application Submission applies to protocols requiring full board review only Does not apply to exempt or expedited protocols Please contact untirb@unt.edu if you have questions related to the review level of your study.     Meeting Date Deadline for Application Submission Friday, Sept 30, 2016 Thursday, September 01, 2016 Friday, Oct. 28, 2016 Monday, October 03, 2016 Friday, Dec 2, 2016 Monday, November 07, 2016 Friday, Jan 27, 2017 Wednesday, January 04, 2017 Friday, Feb 24, 2017 Wednesday, February 01, 2017 Friday, Mar 31, 2017 Wednesday, March 01, 2017 Friday, Apr 28, 2017 Tuesday, April 04, 2017 Friday, May 26, 2017 Tuesday, May 02, 2017 Friday, June 30, 2017 Thursday, June 01, 2017 Friday, July 28, 2017 Thursday, July 06, 2017 Frequently Asked Questions How do I know if I am conducting research with human subjects? Why is my research subject to review? How do I decide which application to use? What training am I required to do before submitting my application? Where can I get assistance? How do I submit my application for review by the IRB? When do I submit my application? How will my application be reviewed? Who will review my application? What if my research project will be conducted at another institution? What if I am not a UNT faculty member, but I want to conduct my research at UNT? What happens if I don’t comply with UNT policy or federal regulations? IRB Resources IRB Guidelines Administration of the UNT IRB UNT IRB Full Board Calendar Texas Attorney General Guide in Reporting Suspected Child Abuse or Neglect Contact Us Required Training for Investigators & Key Personnel Brief Summary of Training Requirement NIH On-Line Training Course: Protecting Human Research Participants or CITI On-line Training Course: Human Subjects Research (Social & Behavioral Research Investigators) IRB Applications & Forms IRB Minimal Review Application IRB Expedited or Full Board Review Application Template A: Faculty/Staff Investigator and Adult Subjects Template B: Faculty/Staff Investigator and Minor Subjects Template C: Student Investigator and Adult Subjects Template D: Student Investigator and Minor Subjects Template E: Informed Consent Notice — Faculty/Staff Investigator and Adult Subjects Template F: Informed Consent Notice — Student Investigator and Adult Subjects Template G: Faculty/Staff Investigator with HIPAA Authorization  Template H: Student Investigator with HIPAA Authorization IRB Modification Request Form IRB Renewal Request and Progress Report Form IRB Final Report Form Institutional Review Board Members Chad Trulson, Ph.D., IRB Chair, Criminal JusticeKathleen Duffy, Community MemberRebecca Glover, Ph.D., Educational PsychologyLisa Henry, Ph.D., AnthropologyPatricia Kaminski, Ph.D., IRB Vice Chair, PsychologyDebbie Rohwer, Ph.D., Music EducationRichard Smith, Ph.D., Behavior AnalysisMark Vosvick, Ph.D., PsychologyHerschel Voorhees, D.O., UNT Student Health and Wellness Center Federal Resources Federal Regulations: 45 CFR Part 46, Protection of Human Subjects The Belmont Report Office for Human Research Protections (OHRP), U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HIPAA Guidance – Use of Protected Health Information in Human Subjects Research at UNT Frequently Asked Questions How do I know if I am conducting research with human subjects? The federal regulations define research as "a systematic investigation, including research development, testing and evaluation, designed to develop or contribute to generalizable knowledge.” The regulations further clarify that “activities which meet this definition constitute research...whether or not they are conducted or supported under a program which is considered research for other purposes. For example, some demonstration and service programs may include research activities.” Human subjects are living individuals “about whom an Investigator (whether professional or student) conducting research obtains (1) data through intervention or interaction with the individual, or (2) identifiable private information.” The following additional guidance is included in the regulations to help determine whether the research involves human subjects: Intervention includes both physical procedures by which data are gathered and manipulations of the subject or the subject’s environment that are performed for research purposes. Interaction includes communication or interpersonal contact between Investigator and subject. Private information includes information about behavior that occurs in a context in which an individual can reasonably expect that no observation or recording is taking place, and information which has been provided for specific purposes by an individual and which the individual can reasonably expect will not be made public (for example, a medical record). Private information must be individually identifiable (i.e., the identity of the subject is or may readily be ascertained by the Investigator or associated with the information) in order for obtaining the information to constitute research involving human subjects.) Only projects meeting both definitions (research and human subjects) come under the jurisdiction of the IRB. Why is my research subject to review? The federal Office for Human Research Protections (OHRP) has issued a Federalwide Assurance (FWA) to UNT. The terms of this assurance require UNT to reasonably ensure that the rights and welfare of human subjects are adequately protected in all human subjects research conducted at UNT or at any location by UNT faculty, staff, or students. How do I decide which application to use? There are three (3) types of IRB review. You should first complete the Application Flow Chart to determine which application you should use:  Minimal Review (also known as Exempt from Further Review) or Expedited/Full Board Review. Each level of review is described below.  What training am I required to do before submitting my application? All Investigators, Co-Investigators and key personnel must complete an instructional program before submitting an IRB application. Key personnel are persons who are responsible for the design, conduct or reporting of your study. There are currently 2 options to complete the required training.  The first is the NIH's "Protecting Human Research Participants" course accessible at http://phrp.nihtraining.com/users/login.php. This course can be completed in approximately one and a half hours. The second option is CITI's "Human Subjects Research (Social & Behavioral Research Investigators)" course that can be accessed by following these directions.  This course can be completed in approximately three hours. When you have successfully completed one of the two courses, print the “completion certificate” and include it with your IRB application. The Investigator is responsible for submitting completion certificates for each of the key personnel. Where can I get assistance? You can get assistance with your application by contacting a Research Compliance Analyst at untirb@unt.edu or by phone at 940-565-4643. The initial application review is conducted by a Research Compliance Analyst who will contact you if clarification or additional information is required. Additional review is conducted by the IRB Chair and the IRB Full Board as applicable. How do I submit my application for review by the IRB? There are two applications that the UNT IRB uses to review proposed research studies that will involve human subjects: a Minimal Review Application and an Expedited/Full Board Application.  Save the application as a Word document, answer all the questions, and transmit the completed application and all supplementary documents to untirb@unt.edu. When do I submit my application? Applications requiring full board review must be submitted and will be reviewed according to the IRB Full Board calendar. Expedited and Minimal Review applications may be submitted at any time; however, it is imperative that you submit the applications at least three (3) weeks before the intended start day of your research. Applications that are complete when submitted will receive initial review (the first communication to you from the IRB) within 10 business days of receipt. How will my application be reviewed? Your application will be reviewed for completeness, minimizing risks to subjects, ensuring voluntary participation, verifying that selection of subjects is equitable, ensuring informed consent, protecting privacy and confidentiality, and other requirements in the federal regulations. Who will review my application? All applications receive preliminary review by a Research Compliance Analyst.  The Research Compliance Analyst may request additional information required for completion before forwarding it to the IRB Chair.  Projects eligible for Minimal Review or Expedited Review are reviewed for approval by the IRB Chair.  All other applications must be reviewed by the full board. What if my research will be conducted at another institution? UNT faculty wishing to conduct research at another institution must provide the IRB with a copy of the protocol approval letter from that institution’s IRB including the original application submitted to that institution. What if I am not a UNT faculty member, but I want to conduct my research at UNT? Persons wishing to conduct a research project at UNT should identify a UNT faculty member to serve as the project Investigator and take responsibility for submitting the UNT IRB application and any related documents as well as the use of human subjects in research. What happens if I don’t comply with UNT policy or federal regulations? If non-compliance is alleged, the IRB Chair will initiate an investigation. The researcher will be informed of the allegations and given time to respond. The Chair will present relevant information to the IRB which will recommend appropriate actions to the UNT Vice President for Research and Economic Development. Possible corrective actions include but are not limited to: destruction of all data improperly collected; required additional training for Investigator and key personnel; temporary suspension of the Investigator's eligibility to conduct human subjects research; notification to subjects regarding the non-compliance; and letters of reprimand to persons involved in the non-compliance. Non-compliance can have serious consequences for both the Investigator and UNT, including termination of project approval and the UNT’s loss of all federal or other funding related to research activities. If the Vice President for Research & Economic Development determines the non-compliance to be serious or continuing, it must be reported to the federal Office for Human Research Protections (OHRP) and, if it relates to a sponsored project, to the sponsoring agency or entity. Many juried journals require the author of an article submitted for publication to provide proof of IRB approval for any human subjects research data discussed in the article. Failure to obtain prior IRB approval may prevent presentation and/or publication of research results. *This page contains pdf documents.  You can download a free pdf reader here.   Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Hurley Admin Building, Room 210 Mail Us Office of Research and Innovation 1155 Union Circle P.O. Box 310979 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-369-7428 UNTResearch@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 