 tsgs   spotlight david k visi David K Visi Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   spotlight david k visi David K Visi Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   spotlight david k visi David K Visi Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   spotlight david k visi David K Visi Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   spotlight david k visi David K Visi Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   spotlight david k visi David K Visi Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   spotlight david k visi David K Visi Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   spotlight david k visi David K Visi Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   spotlight david k visi David K Visi Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   spotlight david k visi David K Visi Toulouse Graduate School  David K. Visi | Toulouse Graduate School Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home For Future Students » For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors For New & Current Students » For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ For Faculty & Staff » For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs For Alumni & Friends » For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook People Contact Us Search form Search the UNT web site: Toulouse Graduate School MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Toulouse Graduate School Home For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors Programs UNT offers 82 master’s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs More Info Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info International Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ Support As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services Graduation You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation Teaching UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR. More Resources For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs Forms Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms Defense Notices If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification Resources Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook UNT Alumni The Alumni Association engages the institution’s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association Spotlights View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School. Alumni Success Support Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now People Contact Us David K. Visi Visi earned three degrees from UNT -- bachelor's degrees in philosophy and biology and a Ph.D. in molecular biology and microbiology -- but instead of moving into a traditional science career, he's working as the 2015-16 Congressional Science Fellow sponsored by the American Society for Microbiology and American Association for the Advancement of Science. He advises Rep. Louise M. Slaughter of New York on matters of science and technology."I focus on areas Rep. Slaughter is particularly interested in, health care and agriculture," Visi says. "One area where I help guide policy is within the president's Precision Medicine Initiative and the implications it has with her signature bill, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act. With my background, I'm in a good position to understand the intricacies and contribute an empirically and scientifically based view to the conversation."As a student at UNT, Visi worked in the labs of Michael S. Allen on an interdisciplinary project with professors Nandika D'Souza and Brian Ayre. He studied the microbial constituents of kenaf, a fibrous plant that shows a strong potential for use as an environmentally friendly biocomposite. He was selected as the 2015 Christine Mirzayan Science and Technology Policy Fellow at the National Academy of Sciences, where he worked on the Board on Science, Technology and Economic Policy.His work in Congress gives him the opportunity to offer a helping hand to scientists all over the nation, and he says legislative matters are an area in which all scientists need to become more involved."Positions in science policy give an opportunity to graduate students in the sciences to pursue a different route," he says. "You're involved with the science and helping enact real change that will affect everyone. Appropriations and the budget are dry subjects, but these are things universities and researchers have to be aware of. If there's a cut in research funding, that's going to affect researchers and universities."Story by Scott Slemmons. Photo courtesy of the National Academy of Sciences. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center 1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas 76203-5459 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2383 Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 