s tsgs   victor r prybutok phd biography VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Biography Toulouse Graduate Schools tsgs   victor r prybutok phd biography VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Biography Toulouse Graduate Schools tsgs   victor r prybutok phd biography VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Biography Toulouse Graduate Schools tsgs   victor r prybutok phd biography VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Biography Toulouse Graduate Schools tsgs   victor r prybutok phd biography VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Biography Toulouse Graduate Schools tsgs   victor r prybutok phd biography VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Biography Toulouse Graduate Schools tsgs   victor r prybutok phd biography VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Biography Toulouse Graduate Schools tsgs   victor r prybutok phd biography VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Biography Toulouse Graduate Schools tsgs   victor r prybutok phd biography VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Biography Toulouse Graduate Schools tsgs   victor r prybutok phd biography VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Biography Toulouse Graduate School  VICTOR R. PRYBUTOK, PH.D. - Biography | Toulouse Graduate School Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home For Future Students » For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors For New & Current Students » For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ For Faculty & Staff » For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs For Alumni & Friends » For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook People Contact Us Search form Search the UNT web site: Toulouse Graduate School MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Toulouse Graduate School Home For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors Programs UNT offers 82 master’s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs More Info Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info International Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ Support As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services Graduation You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation Teaching UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR. More Resources For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs Forms Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms Defense Notices If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification Resources Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook UNT Alumni The Alumni Association engages the institution’s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association Spotlights View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School. Alumni Success Support Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now People Contact Us VICTOR R. PRYBUTOK, PH.D. - Biography Regents Professor of Decision SciencesDepartment of ITDSPhone: 940.565.4767Office: Eagle Student Services Center, 3rd Flr. Toulouse Graduate SchoolEmail: prybutok@unt.eduView Personal WebsiteBiographyDr. Victor R. Prybutok is the Vice Provost of the Toulouse Graduate School at the University of North Texas and a Regents Professor of Decision Sciences in the Information Technology and Decision Sciences Department in the College of Business.  Prior to becoming the Vice Provost he served from fall 2014 to summer 2016 as the Associate Dean for Graduate Programs and Research in the College of Business at the University of North Texas. He also served as the Associate Dean of the Toulouse Graduate School at the University of North Texas from the summer 2010 to fall 2014 and was Director of the Center for Quality and Productivity in the College of Business at the University of North Texas (UNT) from 1991 to the summer of 2008.  He received, from Drexel University, his B.S. with High Honors in 1974, a M.S. in Bio-Mathematics in 1976, a M.S. in Environmental Health in 1980, and a Ph.D. in Environmental Analysis and Applied Statistics in 1984.  Prior to joining UNT's faculty in 1991, he was Director of the Drexel University Center for Quality and Productivity, Assistant Professor of Quantitative Methods, and on the faculty of the Drexel University Environmental Studies Institute.  Dr. Prybutok was also a Senior Biostatistician at the Campbell Soup Co. Institute for Research and Technology.  He is a senior member of the American Society for Quality (ASQ) and active in the American Statistical Association, Decision Sciences Institute, Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, and Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences. Dr. Prybutok is an ASQ certified quality engineer, certified quality auditor, certified manager of quality / organizational excellence, and served as a Texas Quality Award Examiner in 1993.  He is also a Senior Research Fellow in the Montfort Institute Baldrige Award Recipient Consortium (Summer 2006 – 2008) and an accredited professional statistician (PSTAT®) by the American Statistical Association. Dr. Prybutok was the recipient of the American Society for Quality - Philadelphia Section's Irwin S. Hoffer Award (1991) in recognition of outstanding service in stimulating the application of Statistical Quality Control procedures by industry in the Delaware Valley.  Dr. Prybutok has made numerous presentations on quality control, including the Keynote Address and CEO session at the College of Osteopathic Health Care Executives Annual Conference and the American Osteo­pathic Hospital Association Trustee Forum (March 29 - April 1, 1992).  He has authored over 170 journal articles, more than 200 conference presentations / proceedings, and several book chapters in applied and theoretical areas of information systems measurement, quality control, risk assessment, applied statistics, and the instruction of statistics.  Journals where his published articles have appeared include The American Statistician, Communications of the ACM, Communications in Statistics, Data Base, Decision Sciences, European Journal of Information Systems, European Journal of Operational Research, IEEE Transactions on Engineering Management, International Journal of Operations & Production Management, MIS Quarterly, OMEGA: The International Journal of Management Science, and Operations Research.  In addition, he is on the editorial board of Quality Management Journal and International Journal of Services and Standards. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center 1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas 76203-5459 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2383 Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 