s tsgs   victor r prybutok phd VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Toulouse Graduate Schools tsgs   victor r prybutok phd VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Toulouse Graduate Schools tsgs   victor r prybutok phd VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Toulouse Graduate Schools tsgs   victor r prybutok phd VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Toulouse Graduate Schools tsgs   victor r prybutok phd VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Toulouse Graduate Schools tsgs   victor r prybutok phd VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Toulouse Graduate Schools tsgs   victor r prybutok phd VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Toulouse Graduate Schools tsgs   victor r prybutok phd VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Toulouse Graduate Schools tsgs   victor r prybutok phd VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Toulouse Graduate Schools tsgs   victor r prybutok phd VICTOR R PRYBUTOK PH D Toulouse Graduate School  VICTOR R. PRYBUTOK, PH.D. | Toulouse Graduate School Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home For Future Students » For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors For New & Current Students » For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ For Faculty & Staff » For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs For Alumni & Friends » For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook People Contact Us Search form Search the UNT web site: Toulouse Graduate School MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Toulouse Graduate School Home For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors Programs UNT offers 82 master’s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs More Info Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info International Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ Support As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services Graduation You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation Teaching UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR. More Resources For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs Forms Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms Defense Notices If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification Resources Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook UNT Alumni The Alumni Association engages the institution’s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association Spotlights View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School. Alumni Success Support Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now People Contact Us VICTOR R. PRYBUTOK, PH.D.              Education     Honors, Awards and Professional Certifications     Experience     Part-Time Experience     Committee Activities     Graduate Student Supervision and Committees     Additional Professional Activities     Consulting Activities     Professional Affiliations     Publication Review Activities     Grants and Funding     Refereed Journal Publications     Published Book Chapters and Book Reviews     Dissertation     Conference Proceedings and Presentations     Internal Reports and Projects     Journal submissions and work in progress     Research proposals in progress  EducationPh.D., Environmental Analysis and Applied Statistics, Drexel University, Department of Environmental Science and Engineering, June 1984. GPA 3.9M.S., Occupational and Environmental Health, Drexel University, Department of Environmental Science and Engineering (Required for H.E.W. funding), May 1980. GPA 3.96Clerkship, Department of Research Epidemiology, University of Pennsylvania, 1979M.S., Bio-Mathematics, Drexel University, May 1976. GPA 3.7B.S., Drexel University, May 1974. GPA 3.5, High Honors (Magna Cum Laude), Psi ChiHonors, Awards & Professional Certifications Professional Certifications:CQE, Certified Quality Engineer - American Society for Quality, Certification number 29004.CQA, Certified Quality Auditor - American Society for Quality, Certification number 08739.CQM/OE, Certified Manager of Quality / Organizational Excellence - American Society for Quality, Certification number 02510.PSTAT®, Accredited Professional Statistician - American Statistical Association, November 25, 2010 through July 31, 2016. Honors and Awards:2017 American Society for Quality Gryna Award for co-authoring the paper, ‘SNSQUAL: A Social Networking Site Quality Model,’ published in 2016 in Quality Management Journal.Federation of Business Disciplines Outstanding Educator Award, South West Decision Sciences Institute 2015 Outstanding Educator Award.University of North Texas, College of Business 2009 / 2010 Outstanding Senior Researcher Award.Toulouse Scholars Award, selected as the University of North Texas Toulouse Scholar for the 2007-2008 academic year.Emerald Management Reviews Citation of Excellence for Research Implications for three manuscripts, Citation of Excellence for Practical Implications for four manuscripts, and Citation of Excellence for Readability for two manuscriptsLiterati Club (MCB Press) 1998 Highly Commended Award for manuscript in Work Study, Volume 46, Issue 5, 1997.University of North Texas, College of Business Administration 1997-98 Professional Development Institute - Business Administration Fellowship AwardLiterati Club 1997 Award for Excellence, Highly Commended (runner up for MCB press Outstanding Paper) for manuscript in Work Study, Volume 44, Issue 7, 1995, March 11, 1997.Decision Sciences Institute, Southwest Region Irwin Distinguished Paper Award, March 1997.University of North Texas Developing Scholar Award for 1996/97Marquis Who's Who in America, 1999- Present EditionsMarquis Who's Who in American Education, 1992- Present Editions.Marquis Who's Who in the South and Southwest, 25th Edition, 1997 - Present Editions.Marquis Who's Who in the Finance and Business, 35th Edition, 2005.Texas Quality Award Examiner - 1993.Irwin S. Hoffer Award from the American Society Quality for Control - Philadelphia Section for outstanding service in stimulating the application of Statistical Quality Control procedures by industry in the Delaware Valley (1991).H.E.W. Fellowship for 1978-1979 and 1979-1980 academic years.Teaching Assistantship for 1974-1976 academic years. B.S. with High Honors (Magna Cum Laude).Experience1991 to PresentUniversity of North Texas, Denton, TX  Vice Provost of the Toulouse Graduate School (May 2016 – present) andRegents Professor of Decision Sciences (Fall 2001 – present) in the Department of Information Technology and Decision Sciences (formerly the Business Computer Information Systems Department) Interim Dean, College of Information (February 2016 – August 2016)  Associate Dean for Graduate Programs and Research, College of Business (Fall 2014- May 2016)Associate Dean for Academic Affairs, Toulouse Graduate School (Summer 2010-Summer 2014)Fellow in the Texas Center for Digital Knowledge   ITDS Dept Doctoral Program Coordinator (Fall 2007 – Summer 2010)Doctoral Program Director, College of Business Administration from Sept 2000 – Summer 2004.Director of the Center for Quality and Productivity,  Dept. of Information Technology and Decision Sciences from 1991 - Summer 2008 College of Business Administration Professor from 1997-Spring 2001Associate Professor from 1991- Spring 1997 Vice Provost of the Toulouse Graduate School (May 2016 – present): Responsible for the management and cost effective fiscal operation (P &L) of the Toulouse Graduate School, and for contributing to the achievement of the university’s goals as set forth in the UNT Strategic Plan, and with the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board. Advise the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs on matters related to graduate studies. Represent the university at social, alumni, advancement, and other relevant activities to establish and promote a positive relationship for the Toulouse Graduate School in each arena. Responsible for developing and successfully implementing strategies that address the broad interests of graduate studies and graduate students at the Council of Deans, with Enrollment Management, and the Graduate Council. Work collaboratively with the Vice President for Research and Economic Development to maintain close coordination and advancement of graduate education and research. Develop post-baccalaureate academic programs within the university in concert with academic departments, schools, and colleges, and the Graduate Council. In addition, create, coordinate, and administer graduate programs through inter-university and inter-agency consortia. UNT offers 83 master’s degrees and 37 doctoral degrees and tuition benefits for the graduate students are managed by TGS. TGS also has a board of directors and an alumni association. The vice provost is responsible for working to develop funding opportunities with these groups. Charged with assisting colleges to develop prestigious programs that increase university visibility and revenue via increased graduate enrollment.Work in concert with the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs and the Office of Equity and Diversity to promote diversity of the faculty, staff, and graduate student body. Work with graduate advisors, graduate council, and students to maintain and constantly improve the graduate student experience at UNT. TGS s handles graduate student appeals, tracks gainful employment regulation, EIS for graduate student tracking, degree development and revision, and development of interdisciplinary programs. Work collaboratively with schools, colleges, and departments across the university to resolve student issues and to develop effective policies and procedures that both govern graduate studies at UNT, and that meet the needs of both faculty and students. Responsible for policy development and implantation related to graduate admissions, changes in curriculum, degree programs, and organization, in concert with the deans, faculty representatives, and the Graduate Council. Serve as UNT liaison to the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board.Assist in the development of new graduate programs, the review of existing programs, and the successful marketing of graduate programs to new audiences, especially through distance education. Promote and secure additional student financial support, especially at the doctoral level, in collaboration with programs.Supervise and evaluate the work of the Associate Dean and Director of Admissions in the Toulouse Graduate School. Supervise and evaluate the work of staff of 21 in the Toulouse Graduate School, and the work of Center and Institute Directors who report directly to the Center for Interdisciplinary Graduate Studies in the Toulouse Graduate School.Interim Dean, College of Information (February 2016 – present): Responsible for the management and cost effective financial operation (P &L) of UNT’s College of Information, which is comprised of three academic units: Learning Technologies, Library & Information Sciences, and Linguistics. Charged with restoring equilibrium after a disruption in leadership and with preparing an accurate and fiscally responsible budget for the College that can support critical new initiatives in the coming year that are in line with the University’s mission and key goals. Facilitate effective problem solving efforts and communication within the college and between the college and other departments at the university. Responsible for maintaining and further developing academic outreach and funding relationships with community stakeholders and for fostering interdisciplinary collaborations with other departments at the university and with external organizations.Associate Dean for Graduate Programs and Research, College of Business (Fall 2014- present): Responsible for development, administration, oversight, and review of graduate programs and curriculum within the college. In this capacity, responsible to work with programs and departments to develop and implement strategies to increase the research productivity of COB faculty.  Responsible to oversee the masters and doctoral programs within the college, and work with the masters and doctoral program committees. Serve as research mentor for faculty and graduate students and develop innovative programs to support/expand graduate student research.  Responsible for recruitment and retention of COB graduate students and for expanding diversity in this population.   Charged with expanding programs’ regional and national recognition, and developing mutually beneficial partnerships and resources for the programs. Serve on the College’s Executive Committee with the Department Chairs and other associate deans.    Associate Dean for Academic Affairs, Toulouse Graduate School (Summer2010-present):Report directly to the Dean of the Toulouse Graduate School (TGS) and assist in the development, administration, and review of graduate programs and curriculum across the university. In this capacity, work with programs, colleges and departments to address the low producing program concerns of the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board. As a result of my work with departments and their faculty, UNT was able to successfully combine several graduate programs and gain temporary extensions for three doctoral programs. Responsible for directing TGS’ graduate student enrollment programs and managing the enrollment team. Prepared strategic plans for recruitment and collaborated on the creation of the graduate school’s strategic plan. Responsible for TGS outreach, and for developing initiatives to increase student diversity within graduate programs. To achieve our goals, I have increased our collaboration with UNT’s McNair and TRIO programs, and have been involved in presentations to those groups on our campus and at other venues. Redesigned the Masters in Interdisciplinary Studies to increase the accessibility of graduate education to a greater number of students. More than 15 years ago, I developed an interdisciplinary concentration in quality control within the graduate school’s Masters in Interdisciplinary Studies. Since joining the graduate school, I developed a concentration in humanities and another in applied analytics. These new programs have considerable velocity and the enrollment in the Interdisciplinary Masters has grown rapidly.The Toulouse Graduate School has increased its recruitment efforts and is working to increase graduate enrollment and quality within UNT’s programs. I have examined TGS’s interaction with potential students and have developed strategies to make these interactions more student focused. Measures of the yield from the revised activities show that these efforts have been successful. All recruitment communications have been redesigned to be more personalized and more inviting to both potential and accepted students. As a result of my planning efforts, we have decreased our participation in several external events that offered limited benefit, but maintained our participation at fruitful events and have increased our engagement with students at these events. We now collect student contact information and maintain both telephone and Email contact with prospective students to foster their interest in UNT’s programs. We have also increased our internal outreach by hosting new internal events and improving our engagement in existing events. The first Toulouse Graduate School Open House took place in fall 2011 and of the 265 attendees, we had 120 (45.28%) prospective students apply or send test scores to UNT as a result.Teach a graduate course in quality control (MSCI 5320) that includes both quantitative methodolo­gies and the philosophy of continuous quality improvement.  Students in this course also work in project teams that select real world projects that assist local industry and expand our University’s engagement in the community. Conduct a graduate seminar in quality for doctoral students.  This course features lectures on selected topics such as ISO 9000, reliability and the use of neural networks for process control. The students in this seminar select an individual project and regularly provide project management reports to the other class participants.  Also teach a Ph.D. Seminar in the design and development of survey instruments, an advanced research methods course and a multivariate statistics course in the college research core.Graduate Courses: Advance Research Methods - PhD core (BUSI6480) Data Analysis (MSCI 5180) Product Quality and Reliability (MSET 5130) Quality Control (MSCI 5320) Statistical Analysis (MSCI 5010) Special Topics in Quality Control (MSCI 6750)Undergraduate Courses: Introduction to Operations Research (MSCI 2870) Statistical Analysis I (DSCI2710 formerly MSCI 3700) Statistical Analysis II (DSCI3710 fomerly MSCI 3710)Director of the University of North Texas Center for Quality and Productivity (August 1991 – August 2008): Directed this administrative unit, and developed its policies and procedures with participating faculty. Revised the Center's mission, vision, goals and objectives to reflect its expanding activities and service objectives. Publicized the Center's capabilities through professional activities and presentations. Was responsible for fund raising through the Center, and for encouraging its faculty participants, whose involvement varied on a project basis, to seek external funding. Served as principal investiga¬tor on numerous proposals from the Center including a $24,456 grant from the City of Denton to study employee satisfaction with the City’s IT systems and over $75,000 in funding from Lockheed Martin. Also worked with other faculty to pursue research support through the Center such as Dr. Leon Kappelman’s award of $8,500 from Harvard, Porter and Associates and his over $150,000 in support for year 2000 software issues from the Society for Information Management. Developed joint programs with external organizations such as the American Society for Quality (ASQ was formerly ASQC) - Dallas Section. Worked with Center faculty and the Dallas Section of ASQ to create and administer the Dallas Section's student paper competition and its continuing education programs.Accomplishments included sponsorship of student project teams; completion of a Continuous Quality Improvement retreat for the Boards of Directors for Health Care of Texas and the Osteopathic Medical Center of Texas; sponsorship of a student branch of ASQ. The Center also received several grants in support of graduate studies such as receipt of $11,000.00 in funding from Mary Kay Cosmetics, Inc. for two graduate students to complete a one semester project, $8000.00 from ARCO Oil and Gas Co, receipt of $1500.00 from Graebel Van Lines, Inc., $8500.00 from M & S Systems, Inc. (a Nortek Co), and $8000 from The Mail Box, Inc. In addition, the Center has received funds ($75,000) from a USIA Grant to exchange students and faculty with Ivanovo State Power University (Russia) and the Instituto De Tecnologia Do Parana is working with the Center to develop programs in Brazil. The Center also worked with other student organizations such as the American Production and Inventory Control Society (APICS), and the National Association of Purchasing Managers (NAPM).Doctoral Program Director, College of Business Administration (Sept 2000 – Summer 2004): After serving as team leader of the AACSB Doctor Program Reaccreditation Team for our College and BCIS Department Doctor Program Coordinator, was appointed the Doctoral Program Director for the College.  As Director, work with the coordinators from each of the five Departments (six professional areas) via the College’s Doctoral Program Committee.  The current programs in the college include Accounting, Business Computer Information Systems, Finance, Management, Marketing, and Operations Management Science. Represe­nt the college on doctoral program issues both internally in the University and externally.   1980  to 1991Drexel University, Philadelphia, PA Assistant Professor of Quantitative Methods, College of Business and Administration; Director of the Drexel Center for Quality and Productivity; Faculty of Environmental Studies Institute; Executive Council of the Center On Intelligent Manufacturing, Processing and Quality TechnologiesTaught graduate statistics courses in the PhD program. These courses have included Experimental Design and foundation statistics courses for the program. Topics in Experimental Design included analysis of variance, randomized blocks, Latin squares, incomplete block designs, factorial designs, rules for sums of squares and expected mean squares, 2k and 3k designs, confounding, fractional factorial designs, nested designs, and multifactor experiments with randomization restrictions.Taught graduate statistics courses in the MBA program. Topics included least squares regression analysis, multiple regression analysis, non-linear fits, analysis of variance (one and two way with interaction), chi square tests of homogeneity and independence, nonparametric techniques, and statistical quality control. Course material in Quality Planning and Control was divided between quantitative techniques (statistical process control, control charts, acceptance sampling, etc.) and the establishment of systems to achieve quality. Functioned as course coordinator, responsible for overseeing text selection and for the coordination of faculty activities for Decision Sciences I.Taught management science courses in the MBA program. Topics included linear programming (graphical solutions, simplex method and computer aids), integer programming, transportation problem, assignment problem, network models, project scheduling (PERT and CPM), and simulation.Taught Statistics I and II to undergraduate business majors. Directed undergraduate Statistics I with focus of responsibility to develop curriculum standards. Established guidelines for this multisection course requiring supervision of graduate assistants and faculty members.Started in the Drexel University Department of Quantitative Methods as a full time Lecturer while a Doctoral Student from 1980 to 1984. Served as an Adjunct Assistant Professor during the 1984/85 academic year while working full time at the Campbell Soup Co. as a Senior Biostatistician. Joined the College of Business and Administration faculty full time as an Assistant Professor in September 1985.Graduate Courses Quantitative Analysis III (B908 and 26908) Biostatistics (F207) Decision Sciences I (C001) Experimental Design (C939 and C980) Quality Planning and Control (C938)Undergraduate Courses Statistics I (B903) Statistics II (B904) Quantitative Methods I (B940) Quantitative Methods II (B941) Statistics I (25901)  Director of the Drexel University Center for Quality and Productivity:Established this Center as a University unit under the Vice President for Research and developed its policies and procedures. Faculty involvement varied on a project basis and exceeded ten faculty members. Represented Center at Drexel functions and in interactions with executives from industry. Developed joint programs with the Philadelphia Section of the American Society for Quality Control, including an intensive three week training program for managers and staff in business and industry. The joint efforts of the Center and the American Society for Quality Control -Philadelphia Section, resulted in a cooperative symposium (Delaware Valley Quality/Productivity Fellowship) and the development of an M.B.A. in Quality Science that is available through Drexel University's Department of Quantitative Methods. Served on Executive Council of the Center On Intelligent Manufacturing , Processing and Quality Technologies (another Drexel University Center). Founding member and served on the Executive Council of the Delaware Valley Partnership for Quality and Productivity (organizations cooperating to advance quality and productivity in the Delaware Valley).Responsible for marketing of the Drexel Center. Prepared promotional programs outlining Center capabilities and for educational workshops. Publicized Center through professional activities such as exhibit booths at conferences (American Society for Quality Control - Philadelphia Section: 32nd Annual Quality Symposium and at the Seminar of The Philadelphia Area Council for Excellence, a Division of the Greater Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce - Total Quality: Pathways and Partnerships, October 17 and 18, 1988) and sponsorship of professional programs. Participated in the establishment of a relationship with a subcontractor that markets and produces continuing education courses in Quality and Productivity through the Center. This relationship increased the Center's external visibility . As a participating organization in the Delaware Valley Partnership for Quality and Productivity, the Drexel Center co-sponsored the first Philadelphia area telecast of the National Quality Forum (Oct 2, 1990). Developed the Mayoral Proclamation for the City of Philadelphia recognizing October 2 as Philadelphia Quality Day as part of these Partnership efforts.Prepared research support and funding proposals for the Drexel Center for Quality Control and Productivity. Received $65,500 from Ford Electronics - Lansdale Division and $30,000 from the Campbell Soup Company for the Drexel Center for Quality and Productivity for development and delivery of internal programs on Statistical Quality / Process Control. The Israeli Defense Ministry funded the 15 month sabbatical of two quality control managers to serve as Research Associates in the Drexel Center under the direction of Dr. Prybutok. These visitors (Emanuel Binder and Irit Binder) were degreed engineers and American Society for Quality Control Certified Quality Engineers. Obtained a Drexel University internal grant in conjunction with Dr. Richard W. Schneider (Senior Vice President for Administration) to develop and test a Total Quality Management Program for Universities.1984  to  1985Campbell Soup Company, Camden, N.J. Senior BiostatisticianDesigned experiments and evaluated data for senior researchers' projects. Reviewed research plans and projects within Campbell Institute for Research and Technology for appropriate statistical techniques and experimental design. Statistical techniques used in evaluation of research data included chi square goodness of fit, discriminant analysis, regression analysis, analysis of variance, nonparametric analysis of variance, multiple comparisons, descriptive statistics, and other applied statistical techniques using the SAS package.Statistical quality control and productivity involvement included evaluation of proposed and existing manufacturing process. Consideration of equipment alternatives resulted in multi-million dollar savings. Evaluated corporate sampling plans regarding statistical quality control and implementation of the Deming philosophy at Campbell Soup Company operations. Assigned to Corporate Task Force as consulting statistician to evaluate 'just in time' philosophy and role of statistical quality control in the implementation of the 'just in time' program.Responsibilities expanded to include supervision of statistical assistant and evaluation of personal computer software to enhance research capabilities within Campbell Soup Company. Evaluated potential of 3270 PC to replace existing 3278/79 terminals at the Research Institute and to enable PC use, PC networking through the mainframe, and terminal emulation. Prior to this terminal evaluation, work was done on IBM 3081 under CMS via IBM 3279 color terminal.   1984  to  1986 Philadelphia College of Textiles and Science, Philadelphia, PA Adjunct Assistant ProfessorTaught statistics for undergraduate curriculum part-time. Course progressed from basic probability and statistics through two way analysis of variance and an introduction to multiple regression.  1976  to  1978 School District of Philadelphia, PA. Teacher of Mathematics, Secondary Schools.PART-TIME EXPERIENCE (Positions held during graduate school)Temple University, Philadelphia, PA. (1977-78) Adjunct Faculty: Taught calculus.Drexel University (1974-76) Instructor: Biochemistry laboratory.General Electric Engineering Mathematics Program (1974-76) Instructor: Taught physics, computer science, and chemistry.Committee Activities2017             2016 Texas Cardiovascular Disease and Stroke Partnership, memberSouthwest Decision Sciences Institute Officer, Vice President – Student LiaisonSouthwest Decision Sciences Institute, Outstanding Educator Award Selection Committee MemberSouthwest Decision Sciences Institute, Chair of Chair of Conference Best Student Paper CommitteeSouthwest Decision Sciences Institute, Chair of Student Track for 2017 conferenceUniversity of North Texas, Chair of the Conflict of Interest Review CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Administrative Chair of Graduate CouncilUniversity of North Texas, Provost CouncilUniversity of North Texas, Presidents CouncilDoctoral Consortium Chair for South West Decision Sciences InstituteTexas Cardiovascular Disease and Stroke Partnership, memberSouthwest Decision Sciences Institute Officer, Vice President – Student LiaisonSouthwest Decision Sciences Institute, Outstanding Educator Award Selection Committee MemberSouthwest Decision Sciences Institute, Chair of Chair of Conference Best Student Paper CommitteeSouthwest Decision Sciences Institute, Chair of Student Track for 2016 conferenceUniversity of North Texas, Chair of the Conflict of Interest Review CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, SACS Accreditation Review TeamUniversity of North Texas, COB Executive CommitteeDoctoral Consortium Chair for South West Decision Sciences InstituteUniversity of North Texas, Provost CouncilUniversity of North Texas, Presidents Council2015Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board Graduate Education Advisory Committee, memberTexas Cardiovascular Disease and Stroke Partnership, memberSouthwest Decision Sciences Institute Officer, Vice President – Student LiaisonSouthwest Decision Sciences Institute, Chair of Chair of Conference Best Student Paper CommitteeSouthwest Decision Sciences Institute, Chair of Student Track for 2015 conferenceUniversity of North Texas, Chair of the Conflict of Interest Review CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, SACS Accreditation Review TeamUniversity of North Texas, COB Executive CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Chair of the IIS PhD Review CommitteeDoctoral Consortium Chair for South West Decision Sciences Institute2014Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board Graduate Education Advisory Committee, memberTexas Cardiovascular Disease and Stroke Partnership, memberTexas Salt Reduction Collaborative, memberSouthwest Decision Sciences Institute Officer, Vice President – Student LiaisonUniversity of North Texas, Member of Associate Deans for Research CouncilUniversity of North Texas, Chair of the IIS PhD Review CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Graduate Council representing Toulouse Graduate SchoolUniversity of North Texas, Member of Graduate Council Program Review CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Chair of Graduate Council Academic Planning and Development CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Chair of Graduate Council Appeals CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Chair of the Conflict of Interest Review CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign Steering CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, COB Promotion and Tenure Advisory Committee, elected ITDS Depart­ment representative.Doctoral Consortium Chair for South West Decision Sciences Institute2013Texas Cardiovascular Disease and Stroke Partnership, memberTexas Salt Reduction Collaborative, memberSouthwest Decision Sciences Institute Officer, Vice President – Student LiaisonUniversity of North Texas, Member of Associate Deans CouncilUniversity of North Texas, Graduate Council representing Toulouse Graduate SchoolUniversity of North Texas, Member of Graduate Council Program Review CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Chair of Graduate Council Academic Planning and Development CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Chair of Graduate Council Appeals CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Chair of the Conflict of Interest Review CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Co-chair of the Graduate Student Support TeamUniversity of North Texas, Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign Steering CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, COB Promotion and Tenure Advisory Committee, elected ITDS Department representative.University of North Texas, Chair of the IIS PhD Review Committee2012 Texas Cardiovascular Disease and Stroke Partnership, memberTexas Salt Reduction Collaborative, memberDecision Sciences Institute, Doctoral Student Affairs CommitteeSouthwest Decision Sciences Institute, Track Chair for 2013 with Hong Qin of Quantitative Methods, Quality, and AnalyticsUniversity of North Texas, Chair of Ad Astra Task ForceUniversity of North Texas, Member of Associate Deans CouncilUniversity of North Texas, Graduate Council representing Toulouse Graduate SchoolUniversity of North Texas, Member of Graduate Council Program Review CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Chair of Graduate Council Academic Planning and Development CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Chair of Graduate Council Appeals CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Chair of the Conflict of Interest Review CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Co-chair of the Graduate Student Support TeamUniversity of North Texas, Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign Steering CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, COB Promotion and Tenure Advisory Committee, elected ITDS Department representative.2011 Texas Cardiovascular Disease and Stroke Partnership, memberDecision Sciences Institute, Doctoral Student Affairs CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Member of Associate Deans CouncilUniversity of North Texas, Graduate Council representing Toulouse Graduate SchoolUniversity of North Texas, Member of Graduate Council Program Review CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Member of Graduate Council Academic Planning and Development CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Chair of Graduate Council Appeals CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Chair of the Conflict of Interest Review CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Co-chair of the International Graduate Recruitment CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Co-chair of the Graduate Student Support TeamUniversity of North Texas, Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign Steering Committee2010University of North Texas, Presidential Search CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Member of Associate Deans CouncilUniversity of North Texas, Graduate Council representing Toulouse Graduate SchoolUniversity of North Texas, Member of Graduate Council Program Review CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Member of Graduate Council Academic Planning and Development CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Chair of Graduate Council Appeals CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Chair of the Conflict of Interest Review CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign Steering Committee2009University of North Texas, ITDS Department Doctor Program CoordinatorUniversity of North Texas, ITDS Department, Coordinator of Undergraduate Core Course (DSCI3710)University of North Texas, Graduate Council representing Group V through August 2012University of North Texas, ITDS Department Personnel Affairs CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, ITDS Department, Academic Curriculum CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, ITDS Department, Scholarship CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, COB Promotion and Tenure Advisory Committee, elected as ITDS Department representative and Committee chair.2008University of North Texas, ITDS Department Doctor Program Coordinator University of North Texas, ITDS Department, Coordinator of Undergraduate Core Course (DSCI3710) University of North Texas, Graduate Council representing Group V through August 2009 University of North Texas, Chair of the ITDS Department Personnel Affairs Committee and the Promotion and Tenure Committee University of North Texas, ITDS Department, Academic Curriculum Committee2007University of North Texas, ITDS Department Doctor Program Coordinator University of North Texas, ITDS Department, Coordinator of Undergraduate Core Course (DSCI3710) University of North Texas, Graduate Council representing Group V through August 2009 University of North Texas, Conflict of Interest Review Committee University of North Texas, ITDS Department, Executive Committee University of North Texas, ITDS Department, Academic Curriculum Committee University of North Texas, COBA Journal List Advisory Committee, appointed as ITDS Department representative2006University of North Texas, ITDS Department Doctor Program Coordinator University of North Texas, Graduate Council representing Group V through August 2009 University of North Texas, Conflict of Interest Review Committee University of North Texas, ITDS Department, Executive Committee University of North Texas, ITDS Department, Academic Curriculum Committee University of North Texas, COBA Journal List Advisory Committee, appointed as ITDS Department representative University of North Texas, COBA Promotion and Tenure Advisory Committee, elected as ITDS Department representative2005University of North Texas, ITDS Department, Executive Committee University of North Texas, ITDS Department, Academic Curriculum Committee University of North Texas, COBA Promotion and Tenure Advisory Committee, elected as ITDS Department representative University of North Texas, Interdisciplinary Ph.D. in Information Science Executive Committee University of North Texas, COBA Journal List Advisory Committee, appointed as ITDS Department representative 2004University of North Texas, Graduate Council, Electronic Thesis and Dissertation Committee University of North Texas, BCIS Department Personnel Affairs Committee University of North Texas, Business Computer Information Systems Department, Academic Curriculum Committee University of North Texas, COBA Appeals Committee, elected as BCIS Department representative University of North Texas, COBA Doctoral Program Committee, serve as Dean’s representative2003University of North Texas, BCIS Department Chair Search Committee University of North Texas, Graduate Council, Electronic Thesis and Dissertation Committee University of North Texas, BCIS Department Personnel Affairs Committee, Chair University of North Texas, Business Computer Information Systems Department, Academic Curriculum Committee University of North Texas, COBA Doctoral Program Committee, serve as Dean’s representative2002University of North Texas, BCIS Department Personnel Affairs Committee, Chair University of North Texas, BCIS Department Promotion and Tenure Committee, Chair University of North Texas, Business Computer Information Systems Department, Academic Curriculum Committee University of North Texas, COBA Doctoral Program Committee, serve as Dean’s representative2001University of North Texas, Business Computer Information Systems Department, Academic Curriculum Committee University of North Texas, COBA Doctoral Program Committee, serve as Dean’s representative2000University of North Texas, BCIS Department Doctor Program Coordinator University of North Texas, BCIS Department Representative on the College Tenure Review Committee University of North Texas, BCIS Department, Coordinator of Undergraduate Core Course (MSCI3710) University of North Texas, Business Computer Information Systems Department, Academic Curriculum Committee1999University of North Texas, BCIS Department Doctor Program Coordinator University of North Texas, BCIS Department Personnel Affairs Committee, Chair University of North Texas, BCIS Department Promotion and Tenure Committee, ChairUniversity of North Texas, BCIS Department, Coordinator of Undergraduate Core Course (MSCI3710) University of North Texas, Business Computer Information Systems Department, Academic Curriculum Committee1998University of North Texas, BCIS Department Doctor Program Coordinator UNT, College of Business Administration, Team Leader of the AACSB Doctor Program Reaccreditation Committee University of North Texas, BCIS Department Personnel Affairs Committee, Chair University of North Texas, BCIS Department Promotion and Tenure Committee, Chair University of North Texas, Business Computer Information Systems Department, Academic Curriculum Committee1997UNT, College of Business Administration, Team Leader of the AACSB Doctor Program Reaccreditation CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, BCIS Department Personnel Affairs Committee, ChairUniversity of North Texas, BCIS Department Promotion and Tenure Committee, ChairUniversity of North Texas, Business Computer Information Systems Department, Academic Curriculum Committee  1996American Society for Quality Control, Certified Quality Engineer Exam Committee, 1996 UNT, College of Business Administration, Team Leader of the AACSB Doctor Program Reaccreditation Committee University of North Texas, College of Business Administration, Research Committee University of North Texas, Business Computer Information Systems Department, Executive Committee University of North Texas, Business Computer Information Systems Department Personnel Affairs Committee University of North Texas, Business Computer Information Systems Department Promotion and Tenure Committee    1995Chair of UNT, Business Computer Information Systems Department Promotion and Tenure CommitteeChair of UNT, Business Computer Information Systems Department Personnel Affairs CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, Service Advantage Program Steering CommitteeUniversity of North Texas, College of Business Administration, Benchmarking Committee   1994American Society for Quality Control, Certified Quality Engineer Revision Committee University of North Texas, College of Business Administration, Scholarship Committee University of North Texas, Business Computer Information Systems Department, Scholarship Committee University of North Texas, Service Advantage Program Steering Committee   1993University of North Texas, Business Computer Information Systems Department, Chair Search Committee University of North Texas, College of Business Administration, Scholarship Committee University of North Texas, Business Computer Information Systems Department, Executive Committee University of North Texas, Business Computer Information Systems Department, Scholarship Committee University of North Texas, Service Advantage Program Steering Committee1992University of North Texas, Service Advantage Program Steering Committee. University of North Texas, Business Computer Information Systems Department Personnel Affairs Committee.   1991University of North Texas, Business Computer Information Systems Department Personnel Affairs Committee Drexel University, General User Support Working Group of the University's Computer Advisory Council   1990Drexel University, Middle States Association External Relations Workgroup Drexel University , College of Business Curriculum Committee Drexel University, E4 (Innovative Engineering Education) Data Analysis Workgroup 1989Drexel University, Middle States Association External Relations Workgroup Drexel University , College of Business Curriculum Committee Drexel University, Search Committee for Faculty Positions in the Quantitative Methods Department Drexel University , College of Business Computer Planning Committee1988Drexel University, Search Committee for Faculty Positions in the Quantitative Methods Department Drexel University, College of Business Computer Planning Committee Drexel University, College of Business Student Affairs Committee1987Drexel University, Search Committee for Selection of a Department Head for Quantitative Methods Department Drexel University, College of Business Computer Planning Committee Drexel University, College of Business Student Affairs Committee Drexel University, Department of Quantitative Methods MS in Quality Science Committee  1986Drexel University, College of Business Computer Planning Committee Drexel University, Dept. of Quantitative Methods Ph.D./M.S. in Quantitative Methods Committee Campbell Soup Company Corporate Task Force on `Just in Time'     1985Drexel University, College of Business Computer Planning CommitteeDrexel University, Dept. of Quantitative Methods Ph.D./M.S. in Q.M. Development CommitteeCampbell Soup Company Corporate Task Force on `Just in Time'Campbell Soup Company, Campbell Institute for Research and Technology, Task Force on Microbiological Safety Considerations for `Just in Time'   1984Drexel University, Department of Quantitative Methods MBA Major in Statistics/Quantitative Methods CommitteeGraduate Student Supervision and CommitteesUNT, ITDS/BCIS, Management Science major comprehensive examination participation (1991 - current).Tosha Griggs: Thesis committee member; (Spring 2017 - present).Xiaotong Liu: Dissertation Chair, Ph.D. in Business with a concentration in Management Science; (Fall 2016 – present).Catalin C. Dinulescu: Dissertation Chair, Ph.D. in Business with a concentration in Management Science; (Fall 2016 – present).Anh Ta: Dissertation Chair, Ph.D. in Business with a concentration in Logistics; (Fall 2017 – present).Lu Xu: Dissertation Chair, Ph.D. in Business with a concentration in Management Science; Major Professor on Proposal and Dissertation (Spring 2016 – present).Greg Jones: Dissertation Chair, Ph.D. in Business with a concentration in Logistics; (Spring 2017 – present).Lynne Cox: Dissertation Chair, Ph.D. in Business with a concentration in Logistics; (Spring 2017 – present).Abdulrahman Habib: Dissertation Chair, Ph.D. in College of Information, Interdisciplinary degree in IS; (Fall 2016 – present).Hillary Stark: Dissertation Chair, Ph.D. in College of Information, Interdisciplinary degree in IS; (Fall 2016 – present).Guruprasad Gadgil: Dissertation Chair, Ph.D. in College of Information, Interdisciplinary degree in IS; (Fall 2016 – present).Xianghui Peng: Dissertation Chair, Ph.D. in Business with a concentration in Management Science; Major Professor on Proposal and Dissertation (Fall 2015 – May 2016).Marwah Halwani: Dissertation Chair, Ph.D. in College of Information, Interdisciplinary degree in IS; Major Professor on Proposal (Fall 2015 – present).Mehrdad Koohikamali: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a concentration in Information Systems, (2015 – May 2016).Alexandra Wike: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Psychology (2015 – Spring 2016).Krystal Stephen:  Committee member on master’s thesis in psychology (2015-2016).Matthew Schumacher:  Committee member on master’s thesis in psychology (2014-2015).Stacy Bonds:  Committee member on master’s thesis in psychology (2015-2016).Benjamin George: Dissertation Chair, Ph.D. in Business with a concentration in Management Science; Major Professor on Proposal (Fall 2013 – Dec 2016).Yolanda Obaze: Dissertation Co-Chair w Wes Randall, Ph.D. in Business with a concentration in Logistics; Major Professor on Proposal (Fall 2012 – May 2016).Rebecca Scott: Dissertation Co-Chair w Wes Randall, Ph.D. in Business with a concentration in Logistics; Major Professor on Proposal (Fall 2012 – May 2015).Mohammad Salehan: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a concentration in Information Systems, (2014 –2015).Alexandra Wike: Master’s Thesis Committee Member, Psychology (2014 –2015).Md Rokonuzzaman: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a concentration in Marketing, (2014 –2015).Suliat Olusanya: Chair of undergraduate honors thesis, (Summer 2013 - 2014).Robert R. Samczuk:  Committee member on undergraduate honors thesis, “The Role of Social Support as a Buffer: Optimism and Anger in an LGB sample,” (Spring & Summer 2014).Wiley Stem:  Committee member on undergraduate honors thesis, “Correlates of psychological quality of life in an LGBT sample: Mindfulness, self-esteem and positive states of mind” (Summer 2013 – Spring 2014).Junhyuk Kwon: Dissertation Chair, Ph.D. in Business with a concentration in Management Science; Major Professor on Proposal (Spring 2013 – August 2015).Kittipong (Ken) Boonme: Dissertation Chair, Ph.D. in Business with a concentration in Management Science; Major Professor on Proposal (Spring 2013 – August 2015).Alaa Al Beayeyz: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a concentration in Information Systems, (2011 -present).Kwabena Boakye: Dissertation Chair, Ph.D. in Management Science; Major Professor on Proposal Defense and dissertation (Spring 2010 – August 2013).Trish Ashton: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Management Science, (2011 -August 2013).Rachael Robertson: Dissertation Chair, Ph.D. in Learning Technologies; Major Professor on Proposal Defense and dissertation  (Spring 2010 – August 2013).Gina Harden: Dissertation Co-Chair, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a concentration in Information Systems, (2011 -August 2013).Chenyan Xu: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a concentration in Information Systems, (2011 -August 2013).Justin Litvin:  Committee member on undergraduate honors thesis, “Gender Differences in Coping Strategies, Social Support and Hope of People Living with HIV: Predicting Perceived Stress,” (Spring & Summer 2013).Lucian Visinescu: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a concentration in Information Systems, (2010 - May 2013).Brooke  Gomez:  Committee member on undergraduate honors thesis, “The Roles of Stress and Behavioral Disengagement: Perceived Stigma in HI-positive Individuals,” (Spring 2013).Chao Wen: Dissertation Chair, Ph.D. in Management Science; Major Professor on Proposal Defense and dissertation (Spring 2010 – August 2012).Michael Gates: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Experimental Psychology, (2010 - 2011).Michael Magro: Dissertation Co-chair, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a major in Information Systems; Co-major Professor on Proposal Defense and dissertation (Fall 2009 – August 2011).Archna Vahie: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a major in Marketing, (Spring 2007 – Dec 2010).Hong Qin: Dissertation Chair, Ph.D. in Management Science; Major Professor on Proposal Defense and dissertation (Summer 2008 - August 2009).Muhammad Hossain: Dissertation Chair, Ph.D. in Management Science; Major Professor on Proposal Defense and dissertation (Summer 2008 - August 2009).Dan Teed: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a major in Accounting, (Spring 2007 – 2009).Joseph Schuessler: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a major in Information Systems, (Spring 2007 – May 2009).Ho-Chang Chae: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a major in Information Systems, (Spring 2007 – May 2009).Konstantin, Taskov: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a major in Information Systems, (Spring 2007 – Fall 2008).Jason Sharp: Dissertation Chair, Interdisciplinary Ph.D. in Information Science; Major Professor on Proposal Defense and dissertation (Summer 2006 – Summer 2008).Grace Kang: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a major in Accounting, (Fall 2007 – Summer 2008).Patricia Thomas: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a major in Information Systems, (Fall 2005 – Summer 2008).Damian Marks’ Engineering technology MS thesis – replacing Robert Getty (2007)Timothy Hawkins: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a major in Marketing, (Fall 2004 – May 2007).Wesley Randall: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a major in Marketing, (Fall 2004 – August 2007).Lixuan Zhang: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a major in Information Systems, (Fall 2004 – Summer 2006). Bashorat Ibragimova: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a major in Information Systems, (Fall 2004 – Summer 2006).Concha Ramsey Neeley: Dissertation Committee Member, Ph.D. in Business Administration with a major in Marketing and Logistics, (Fall 2005 – Spring 2006).John Besich: Masters thesis committee member (2003), Job Embeddedness as a Predictor of Voluntary Turnover: Validation of a New Instrument.  Using U.S. Department of Veterans affairs study data to test proposed model for doctoral dissertation, committee member (Fall 2004 – present).Barry Myers: Dissertation Chair (Summer 2003), Information Systems Assessment: Development Of A Comprehensive Framework And Contingency Theory To Assess The Effectiveness Of The Information Systems Function, Interdisciplinary Ph.D. in Information Science; Major Professor on Proposal Defense (June 1995).Hyong-song Chong: Dissertation Chair (Fall 2000 – Fall 2001), IS-MBNQA: A new framework for the relationship between Information Systems and organizational quality, Major Professor on Proposal Defense (2000).Shin-ping Liu: Dissertation Chair (2000 – Fall 2001), An E-Government Readiness Model, Major Professor on Proposal Defense (Spring 2001); Interdisciplinary Ph.D. in Information Science.Hollis Landrum:  Dissertation Chair (Fall 1999); An Analysis of the Ability of an Instrument to Measure Quality of Library Service and Library Success, Major Professor on Proposal Defense (1995), Interdisciplinary Ph.D. in Information Science.Tim Stettheimer: Dissertation and Proposal Defense Committee Member, Interdisciplinary Ph.D. in Information Science, (1997 - 2000).     Junsub Yi: Dissertation Chair (Summer 1996); Neural Network Application to Control Charts Under the Condition of Nonnormality.  Major Professor on Proposal Defense (1996).Glenn Maples: Dissertation and Proposal Defense Committee Member,  BCIS Dept. (Summer 1996).Rick Huff: Dissertation and Proposal Defense Committee Member,  BCIS Dept. (Summer 1996).Terry Fox: Dissertation and Proposal Defense Committee Member,  BCIS Dept. (Summer 1996).Katherine Miller: Dissertation Committee University Member, College of Education (Fall 1996)UNT, Interdisciplinary Degree in Information Science, Comprehensive examination participation (1996 - 1998).UNT, Minor field oral exams -Gregg Gatewood, Engineering Technology Masters (1996); Shahed Mustafa, Engineering Technology Masters (1996)UNT, Minor field written and oral exams -Douglas Moore, Engineering Technology Masters (1995); Donald Barrett, Engineering Technology Masters (1995)Clare Popejoy: Dissertation and Proposal Defense Committee Member,  BCIS Dept., (Fall 1995-1998).Thomas P. Van Dyke: Dissertation and Proposal Defense (Summer 1995) Committee Member,  BCIS Dept. (Fall 1995)Robert Breshears: Dissertation Committee Member, BCIS Dept. (Fall 1995).Hale Kaynak: Dissertation Committee Minor Professor, Management Dept. (Spring 1996).Monica Holmes: Dissertation Committee Member, BCIS Dept (Summer 1995).David Scarborough: Dissertation Committee Member, Management Dept (Summer 1995)               Ted Nam: Dissertation Chair (December 1993); A Heuristic Procedure for Specifying Parameters In Neural Network Models for Shewhart X-Bar Control Chart Applications.  Major Professor on Proposal Defense (1993).Martha Harvey: Dissertation Chair (May 1993), The Fixed v Variable Sampling Interval Shewhart X-Bar Control Chart in the Presence of Positively Autocorrelated Data. Major Professor on Proposal Defense (1992). UNT, Minor field written and oral exams - Michael Davis, Engineering Technology Masters (1992) Robert Mitchell, Engineering Technology Masters (1992), Hale Kaynak, Ph.D. in Dept. of Management (1993).Department of Quantitative Methods Ph.D. Secondary Examination Committee for Ph.D. candidates in the Drexel University College of Business and Administration (1990/91).Margaret Liebman: Dissertation Committee (1992), Proposal Defense (1992).Randy LaSalle: Dissertation Committee, Proposal Defense (1990).Frank T. Anbari: Dissertation and Candidacy Examination Commit­tees (1990).Served on Ph.D. Core Exams (1989/90) and Department of Quantita­tive Methods Ph.D. Secondary Examination Committee for Ph.D. candidates in the Drexel University College of Business and Adminis­tration.Lyndon Kirkland:  MBA research 1989.Yeong Choi: Dissertation and Proposal Committees, Dissertation Defense (1989) and Ph.D. Secondary Committee (1987).Yimini Fu: MBA research and co-author on research manuscript (1987/89 ).Scott Jones: Dissertation Defense (1987/88)Zhang Song: MBA research (1986/87).Robert Gold: MBA research (1985/86).Additional Professional ActivitiesVice President - Student Liaison for Southwest Decision Sciences Institute, 2015 -2016.Presenter and Panelist at the Decision Sciences Institute Doctoral Student Consortium for Pre-Proposal Defense Stage Students at the 47th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Seattle, WA, Nov 19-22, 2016.Doctoral Consortium Chair for South West Decision Sciences Institute, March 9-19, 2016.Chair of Student Track for Annual Meeting of South West Decision Sciences Institute, March 9-12, 2016.Presentation at the University of Texas at Arlington Regional PhD Education Conference, Oct 2, 2015.Key Note Address at the University of North Texas – University Scholars Day, April 16, 2015.Vice President - Student Liaison for Southwest Decision Sciences Institute, 2014 -2015.Vice President - Student Liaison for Southwest Decision Sciences Institute, 2013 -2014.UNT Faculty Abroad Seminar (FAS) to Mexico, selected as part of a faculty delegation that went to Mexico from May 16th to 25th, 2014.Doctoral Consortium Chair for South West Decision Sciences Institute, March 12-15, 2014.Chair of Student Track for Annual Meeting of South West Decision Sciences Institute, March 12-15, 2014.Presentation for the University of North Texas Honors College to Terry Scholars on research projects and engaging undergraduates, October 29, 2013.Presentation at the University of North Texas as part of the University’s Faculty Writing Workshop series, “Batting 1000:  Writing Successful Responses to Journal Reviewers,” April 11, 2013.Track Chair with Hong Qin for Southwest Decision Sciences Institute, 44th Annual Conference in Albuquerque, New Mexico on March 12-16, 2013 - Quantitative Methods, Quality, and Analytics TrackCommentary on Big Q as a member of the Quality Management Journal Editorial Board in Evans, J and the QMJ Editorial Review Board, “Insights on the Future of Quality Management Research,” Quality Management Journal, Vol. 20, No. 1, pp. 48-55, 2013.Judge for the Decision Sciences Institute 2012 Elwood Buffa Dissertation AwardAfternoon Keynote address at MacEwan University School of Business - Business Research Information Exchange Forum in Edmonton Canada on Friday April 20, 2012.Session  Chair of 2 Sessions (Innovative Education and Marketing and Cross-Functional Interfaces) at the Decision Sciences Institute Annual Meeting, November 19-22, 2011.Session Chair of 2 Sessions at Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region Annual Meeting, Mar 9-12, 2011.Presentation at the University of North Texas as part of the College of Information Spring 2011 IIS Doctoral Colloquium series, “Fast Food Selection: How do we Decide?,” Feb 18, 2011.Poster Session at Cancer Prevention and Commercialization Dallas Regional Chamber Networking Event, “Relationships among Nutrition Knowledge, Nutrition Labels, Health Indicator Icons, and Consumers’ Fast Food Choices,” Nov 30th, 2010, 5-7:30 PM., W Dallas – Victory Hotel.Session Chair in Innovative Education Track, Decision Sciences Institute Annual Meeting, November 2010.Presentation at the University of North Texas as part of the Toulouse Graduate School workshop series, “Success Strategies for Doctoral Students,” Oct 2010.Presentation at Texas Woman’s University Department of Nutrition and Food Sciences, “Fast Food Selection: How Do We Decide?” Oct 2010.Session Chair in Innovative Education Track, Decision Sciences Institute Annual Meeting, November 2009.Preliminary round judge for the American Society for Quality’s International Team Excellence Award, Philadelphia PA, Oct 2009.Presentation with Shailesh Kulkarni for the UNT, Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign - Transformative Instruction Initiative (TII) Speaker Series: “Infusing Multiculturalism, Transnationalism and Cultural Awareness into Your Existing Courses”, October 7 – 12 PM to 1 PM, 2009.Presentation at Universidad de Colima, Facultad de Contabilidad y Administracion de Colima, Dec 2008.Presentation on statistical process control as part of the UNT Center for Logistics Education and Research’s workshop on “Supply Chain Analytics,” Denton Texas, Nov 12-14, 2008Faculty participant in the UNT SAP alliance, Fall 2007.Presentation at Universidad de Colima, Facultad de Contabilidad y Administracion de Colima, Fall 2005.Presentation at University of North Texas, College of Business Teaching Enhancement Seminar, Fall 1998. Presentation at University of North Texas, College of Business Teaching Enhancement Seminar, Fall 1997.Featured speaker at Denton Municipal Utilities, Management Quality Forum, Oct. 1996.Session Chair - Tutorial: Illustrated Examples and Tutorial on Applications of Neural Network Models, Decision Sciences Institute - Southwest Region, March 1996.Session Chair in Quality Issues Track, Decision Sciences Institute - Southwest Region, March 1996.Closing remarks at University of North Texas, College of Business Teaching Enhancement Seminar, Fall 1995.Presentation at University of North Texas, College of Business Teaching Enhancement Seminar, Fall 1994.Presentation at the Second International Seminar on Quality Technology (II Seminaro International Sobre Tecnologia Da Qualidade) entitled "O Ensino da Engenharia da Qualidade" in Curitiba, Parana, Brazil, Oct 18-19,1994.Presentation to Provost and Dean of Ivanovo State Power University (Russia) on the University of North Texas Center for Quality and Productivity, April 25, 1994.Presentation at Sanden International on the University of North Texas Center for Quality and Productivity, April 22, 1994.Mentor to a University of North Texas Ronald E. McNair fellow, Gwendolyn Reed (1993-1994).Presentation on Managing to Improve Quality and Productivity in Healthcare for Baylor HomeCare Nursing Supervisors, April 1993Presentation, "Total Quality Management in Higher Education," North Texas Community and Junior College Consortium, Fall Conference, November 5-7, 1992.Total Quality Management Seminar for the University of North Texas (October 19, 1992) - Sponsored by the Provost's Office.Conducted workshop on Total Quality Management for the joint Boards of Texas Health Care and the Osteopathic Medical Center of Texas, June 1992.Keynote Address and CEO session at the College of Osteopathic Health Care Executives Annual Conference and the American Osteopathic Hospital Association Trustee Forum (March 29 - April 1, 1992).Presentation, "Total Quality Management and the Academic World," at Microdynamics in Dallas TX, October 7, 1991.Session Moderator at the North Texas Quality Expo, Dallas, TX, October 1, 1991.Presentation, "Total Quality Management," at the National Association of Accountants Mid-Atlantic Council's Professional Development Seminar, May 10, 1991.Beta test of MINITAB's Release 8 for the Macintosh, May 1991.Panel Member, "Industry and Education Working Together for Quality Improvement," at the American Society for Quality Control - Philadelphia Section, Dinner Meeting, April 18, 1991.Presentation, "Total Quality Management for Service Industries," a Small Business Survival Seminar at the Main Line Chamber of Commerce's 5th Annual Business Expo, April 1991.Chair of Session, "Innovative Approaches to Creating an Effective Learning Environment" at the 21st Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, November 1990.Program Committee for the First Quarterly Meeting of the Delaware Valley Quality/Productivity Fellowship, Fall 1990.Program Committee for "The Human Side of Quality: The National Quality Forum VI Telecast," sponsored by the Delaware Valley Partnership for Quality and Productivity, Fall 1990.Moderator of Service Industry Tract and Chair of Afternoon Panel: 34th Annual Quality Symposium - American Society for Quality Control (Philadelphia Section) - October 1990 1.0 CEUPresentation, "Delaware Valley Quality/Productivity Fellowship," at the American Society for Quality Control -Philadelphia Section, September 1990 Meeting.Presentation, "Career Development and the Role of Education," at the American Society for Quality Control - Philadelphia Section, March 1990 Meeting.Participated in the South Street Project and Course at Drexel University.Quoted in Datapro Software News article entitled "Cost Cutting with QC Software," Vol. 15, no. 10, October 1989.Participated in the first Consultants Corner at the American Society for Quality Control - Philadelphia Section's Annual Quality Symposium (33rd Symposium on October 19, 1989).Mentor to Mentally Gifted Child for the Philadelphia Public School System (1988/89).Moderator of Tutorial Tract: 32nd Annual Quality Symposium - American Society for Quality Control (Philadelphia Section) - October 1988 1.0 CEUPennsylvania Health Care Cost Containment Council: 1988 - Chair and Expert Panel Member for Review of Documentation on House Bill 2288 (Mandatory Mammography Screening Benefits)1987 - Expert Panel Member for Review of Documentation on House Bill 324 (Mandatory Mental Health Benefits)Consulting ActivitiesConsulting services provided to companies and institutions including: ALCATEL; Campbell Soup Company; Keller & Heckman (Law firm); Chadbourne & Parke, LLP; Mrs. Smith's Frozen Food Co. (Kellogg's): Osteopathic Medical Ctr. of Texas; Path Notes (Home Health Care Agency Software Provider); Quality Alert Institute; Raytheon; Tetra Pak Inc.; UNOCAL - POCO Graphite; U. S. Navy Air Propulsion Center; U. S. Navy Aviation Supply Office; U. S. Office of Personnel Management; U. S. Department of Veteran Affairs; Western Kraft Paper Group.Professional AffiliationsSenior Research Fellow in the Montfort Institute Baldrige Award Recipient Consortium (Summer 2006 – present)City of Denton Business After School Action Site Advisory Board (2001)Member of Vision of Denton Business City Impact Group and Co-Chair of the Education Connection Focus Group (1994)Hospitality Committee Chair and Education Committee Member for the Dallas Section of the American Society for Quality Control (1993/94Denton Chamber of Commerce Quality Council for Excellence Steering Committee. This committee formulated the development plan for "A Vision of Denton- 21st Century (1992-1993)Co-advisor to the University of North Texas Student Branch of ASQ (1992-2000)Founding Member of The Delaware Valley Partnership for Quality and Productivity (founded by The Drexel University Center for Quality and Productivity and representatives from the following organizations: Philadelphia Area Council for Excellence, American Society for Quality Control - Philadelphia Section, American Production and Inventory Control Society - Philadelphia Chapter, and Delaware Valley Industrial Resource Center in 1990)Treasurer of the American Society for Quality Control - Philadelphia Section for 1990/91Executive Board of the American Society for Quality Control - Philadelphia Section for 1990/91Active in the following professional organizations:    American Society for Quality Control (Senior Member)    American Statistical Association    Decision Sciences Institute    Institute of Electronic and Electrical Engineers    Institute for Operations Research and the Management SciencePublication Review ActivitiesEditorial Review Board of Quality Management Journal (QMJ), from 2005 - present.Editorial Board of International Journal of Services and Standards (IJSS), from 2010 - present.Editorial Board of Journal of Economics and Administrative Sciences (JEAS), from 2015 - present.Reviewer of manuscript for Decision Sciences, January, 2017.Reviewer for Decision Sciences, (DSJ-12-2014-038), August 2015.Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, summer 2015.Reviewer for Educational Research and Reviews, (ERR/17.03.15/2183), March 2015.Reviewer for Computers in Human Behavior, (CHB-D-15-00253), M 2015.Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, (14 10 32_QMJ), fall 2014.Editor of a special issue of the International Journal of Services and Standards, Vol. 9, No. 1, 2014. Special issue on The Role of Quality in Services and Standards.Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, (QMJ 13 08 23), fall 2013.Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, (QMJ 13 06 17), summer 2013.Review for International Journal of Hospitality Management (HOSMAN-D-13-00156) summer 2013.Review for International Journal of Hospitality Management (HOSMAN-D-12-00132R1) summer and fall 2012.Evaluation of applications for the Vietnam Education Foundation (VEF).  Conducted an online technical review for the Fellowship Process B Programs – Mar 2012.Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, (QMJ 11 10 31), Fall/Winter 2011.Reviewer for Decision Sciences Institute - Southwest, 2011.Editor of a Second Special Issue of the Quality Management Journal (QMJ, 2011 volume 18:4) on Health Care Quality.Reviewer for Computers and Industrial Engineering, CAIE-D-11-00383, Summer 2011.Reviewer of submissions to the Information Technology Track of the Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, 2011.Reviewer for Information Systems Frontiers, Manuscript ISFI431, Jan 2011.Editor of a Special Issue of the Quality Management Journal (QMJ, 2010 volume 17:4) on Health Care Quality.Reviewer for Industrial Management & Data System, Manuscript ID IMDS-Oct-2010-0287.Reviewer of submissions to Proceedings of the Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, 2009.Reviewer for Computers and Industrial Engineering, CAIE-D-09-00333, Fall 2009.Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, (QMJ 09 04 08), Spring/Summer 2009.Reviewer for IEEE Transactions on Engineering Management, (TEM-08-0373), Winter 2008/09.Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, (QMJ 08 06 32), Summer 2008.Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, (QMJ 08 03 18), Spring 2008.Reviewer for Communications of the ACM, (CACM A3047), Winter 2008.Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, (QMJ 07 08 44), Fall 2007. Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, (QMJ 07 02 07), Spring 2007. Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, (QMJ 07 01 01), Winter 2007. Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, (QMJ 05 09 34), Fall 2007. Reviewer for International Conference on Information Systems, Research Methods Track, 2007. Reviewer for National Fund for Scientific and Technological Development (FONDECYT 2007 National Research Competition), National Commission for Scientific and TechnologicalResearch, Santiago Chile, Fall 2006. Reviewer for MIS Quarterly, (MIS4585.r1), Fall 2006, Fall 2007. Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, (QMJ 06 06 26), Fall 2006. Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, (QMJ 06 06 29), Fall 2006. Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, (QMJ 06 09 43), Fall 2006.Reviewer for Twenty Seventh International Conference on Information Systems, Quantitative Research Methods Track, 2006.Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, (QMJ 06 01 09), Spring 2006.Reviewer for International Journal of Quality and Reliability Management, (IJQRM 06-404), Spring 2006. Reviewer for Decision Sciences Institute – National meeting, CIS Track, 2006.Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, (QMJ 06 01 04), Winter 2006.Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, (QMJ 05 10 39), Fall 2005.Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, (QMJ 05 08 26), Fall 2005.Reviewer for Quality Management Journal, (QMJ 05 01 01), Summer 2005.Reviewer for IEEE Transactions on Engineering Management,(TEM‑05‑0096), Summer 2005.Reviewer for European Journal of Operational Research, (MS 104300), a Nelson & Commons Publication, Fall 2004 and Summer 2005. Reviewer for IEEE Transactions on Engineering Management, (TEM-03-0108), Spring 2004, Fall 2004, and Spring 2005.Reviewer for Decision Support Systems, (DSS # 04-05-1223), Spring 2004.Reviewer for Decision Sciences, (MS 2782), Spring 2004. Reviewer for Management Science, (Department of Operations and Supply Chain Management, via Marvin Lieberman), Fall 2003. Reviewer for Computers and Industrial Engineering, (MS 01/107), Fall 2003.Reviewer for Decision Sciences, (MS 2424), Fall 2002. Review of University of North Texas Faculty Research Grant Applica­tions, 2002/2003.Book review of Statistical Rules of Thumb by Gerald van Belle, John Wiley and Sons, 2002, for Technometrics, Feb 2003, Vol 45, 1, p 107. Reviewer for European Journal of Operational Research, (MS 101252), a Nelson & Commons Publication, Fall 2001. Reviewer for the International Journal of Quality and Reliability Management, (MS No. 99-164) Aug. 1999. Reviewer for Advances in Environmental Research, (MS 518-99) ,a Nelson & Commons Publication, Mar 1999.Review of Solving Quality Problems: Tools of Continuous Improvement by Ledolter, J. and Burrill, C. W., for John Wiley & Sons Inc., Feb.1997. Review of Solving Quality Problems: Tools of Continuous Improvement by Ledolter, J. and Burrill, C. W., for John Wiley & Sons Inc., Feb.1997.Review of University of North Texas Faculty Research Grant Applications, 1996/1997.Reviewer for Decision Sciences Institute - Southwest, Quality Issues Track, 1996.Reviewer for Decision Sciences Institute - Southwest, Quality Issues Track, 1995.Review of University of North Texas Faculty Research Grant Applications, 1995/1996.Review of Tenure File for Kent State University, Kent, Ohio, Fall 1993.Review of University of North Texas Faculty Research Grant Applications, 1992/1993.Review of books for Quality Progress, Book Reviews Section, 1991/1992.Review of 10 chapters of Professor Nick Farnum's statistical quality control textbook for PWS Kent, May 1991.Reviewer for The American Statistician, a Journal of the American Statistical Association, 1989/1990.Reviewer for Nuclear Technology, a Journal of the American Nuclear Society and the European Nuclear Society, 1989/1990, 1994.Reviewer of An Introduction to Statistical Methods and Data Analysis, 3rd Ed. by Lyman Ott, PWS-Kent, Technometrics, Vol. 31, no. 3, pp 219-220, August 1989.Reviewer of An Introduction to Statistical Methods and Data Analysis 3rd Ed. by Lyman Ott, for PWS Publishers, 1987. As a result of this review, Lyman Ott requested and acknowledged our contribution of test questions (prepared by Bajgier, S. M., and Prybutok, V. R.) for inclusion in the exercise sets of the 3rd Ed.Grants and FundingCity of Denton (Spring 2016): Received $20,000 for research and graduate student support to study the Denton Digital Roadmap.University of North Texas Mentoring Team Grant (2015/16): Granted $2000 as PI along with Dr. Jim Meernik (Professor, Political Science) in support of “Getting More Productive with your Research”University of North Texas Mentoring Team Grant (2014/15): Granted $4000 as PI along with Dr. Jim Meernik (Professor, Political Science) in support of “Getting More Productive with your Research”University of North Texas Research Opportunity Grant (2013/14): Granted $7500 in support of “Community Based Participatory Research on Faith Based Organizations”One Network Enterprises, Inc: Investigator role on a grant (GN5316) of $49,938.00 for the 2012/13 academic year via a research agreement to work on a “Theoretical Minimum Demand Driven Supply Chain.”University of North Texas Small Research Grant (Summer 2012): Granted $800 for work with a student investigator, Bo Han, to purchase apple equipment so that we can develop an I-phone application based on our android application for enhancing undergraduate statistics instruction.Universidad de Colima, Mexico grant (2010-2012): Granted $9,000 per agreement number GN0003825 along with UNT colleague Dr. Chang Koh as subcontractors for “Introduction of high-efficiency light reflectors to reduce electrical demand research project.”University of North Texas N-Gen Course Redesign grant (2010-11 Academic year): Granted $12,000 along with co-investigator, Dr. Shailesh Kulkarni, to facilitate the redesign of our large enrollment undergraduate statistics class for higher level-learning through emphasis on small-group experiential learning and a rigorous assessment plan.University of North Texas College of Business Administration Faculty Research Grant (Summer 10): Granted $6700 with co-investigators, Dr Daniel Peak and Michael Gibson, in support of “Identification of the Research Issues in Visual Systems Design that Impact Healthcare Software Interfaces.”University of North Texas Summer Instruction Fellowship (Summer 09): Granted $26,700 along with a separate award to co-investigator, Dr. Shailesh Kulkarni, for summer instructional fellowship to work on an “Integration of Cases / Exercises on International, Multicultural and Diversity Issues into an Introductory Statistics Courses” for our introductory statistics course.University of North Texas Faculty Research Grant (2008/09): Granted $5000 in support of “Comparison of How the Business Performance Management and the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award Frameworks Address Enhanced Competitiveness”University of North Texas Summer Instruction Fellowship (Summer 08): Granted $24000 along with a separate award to co-investigator, Dr. Shailesh Kulkarni, for summer instructional fellowship to work on an “Interactive Statistics Laboratory” for our introductory statistics courses.University of North Texas College of Business Administration Faculty Research Grant (Summer 08): Granted $8000 in support of “Relationships among Service Quality, Customer Satisfaction, and Behavioral Intentions in Fast-food Restaurants in the U.S. and China.”University of North Texas Small Grant (2008/09): Granted $1500 in supplemental doctoral student support for “Impact of Specialty Hospitals on Access and Quality: Evidence from Texas.”University of North Texas Health Science Center (UNTHSC) - UNT Institutional Seed Research Grant, 2007: Co-principal Investigator on a grant of $19,700 with Drs. Shailesh Kulkarni (Co-PI at UNT) and Liam O’Neill (Lead PI at UNTHSC) in support of “Impact of Specialty Hospitals on Access and Quality: Evidence from Texas.”  City of Denton (Spring 2006): Received $24455.71 for research and graduate student support to study the effectiveness of information technology utilization by the City.University of North Texas, Texas Center for Digital Knowledge - 2004/05 Interdisciplinary Information Science Ph.D. Student / Faculty Research Program: Granted $3000 jointly with Ph.D. student, Shimelis Assefa, in support of “Measure of Satisfaction in Wireless Technology Use: The Case of Baylor Healthcare System.”  U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (Fall 2002): Funded via SOS Consulting through the Center for Quality and Productivity for $18,250 in support of a larger project on measurements and models to assist the Dept of Veterans Affairs in addressing its IT workforce needs for 2005.University of North Texas Faculty Research Grant (2002/03): Granted $5000 in support of “A Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award Measurement Model for Organizational Productivity”University of North Texas Faculty Research Grant (2001/02): Granted $4000 in support of “The Relationship between Information Systems Quality and Organization Quality”Lockheed, Martin (Fall 1997):  Received $20,000.00 for research and graduate student support.Lockheed, Martin (Fall 1996):  Received $5,000.00 for research and graduate student support.University of North Texas Faculty Research Grant (1996/97): Granted $3800 in support of  “Application of the Back Propagation neural Network Algorithm to the Design of Control Charts for Averages Under Non-normality”University of North Texas Information Systems Center Research Grant (1996/97): Granted (with Dr. Leon Kappelman as principal investigator) $10,000 in support of “Factors That Cause IS Development Projects to Escalate Out of Control.”Lockheed, Fort Worth Co. (Fall 1995):  Received $11,000.00 for research and graduate student support.University of North Texas Faculty Research Grant (1995/96): Granted $2500 in support of “Comparison of Neural Networks with Traditional Forecasting Techniques for Prediction of Daily Maximum Ozone Concentrations”University of North Texas Faculty Research Grant (1995/96): Co-investigator (with Dr. Leon Kappelman) on $3800 grant in support of “IS Assessment: An investigation of measures used, their value to the organization, and their relationship to quality and organizational effectiveness.”University of North Texas Information Systems Center Research Grant (1995/96): Granted (with Dr. Leon Kappelman as co-investigator) $8600 in support of  “IS Assessment: An investigation of measures used, their value to the organization, and their relationship to quality and organizational effectiveness.”The Mail Box (Summer 1995): Received $6000.00 for research and graduate student support.University of North Texas College of Business Administration Faculty Research Initiative Grant (Summer 1995): Granted (with Dr. Leon Kappelman as co-investigator) $2000 in support of “IS Assessment: An investigation of measures used, their value to the organization, and their relationship to quality and organizational effectiveness.”University of North Texas College of Business Administration Curriculum Innovation and Assessment Grant (Summer 1995):  Co-investigator with Dr. Leon Kappelman and Dr. Martin Richards on $3400 grant to support of “Development and Validation of Measurements to Assess the Effects of Training Experiences on the Knowledge, Skills, and Attitudes of Trainees.”The Mail Box (Spring 1995): Received $8000.00 for research and graduate student support.U.S. Information Agency - College and University Partnership Program (Sept. 1994-August 1996):   Co-investigator on USIA grant for partnership between Collin County Community College and Ivanovo State Power University.  We are currently responsible for about $75,000 of this $299.997.00 grant.  These funds support sending our research specialists to Ivanovo and hosting the semester long visits of faculty (6) and students (4) from Ivanovo.Lockheed, Fort Worth Co. (Fall 1994):  Received $18,500.00 for research and graduate student support.Lockheed, Fort Worth Co. (Summer 1994):  Received $21,000.00 for research and graduate student support.ASQC-Dallas Section Grant (1994):  Contribution of $7500 to support the Center for Quality and Productivity's activities, the UNT Student Branch of ASQC, and scholarships.M & S Systems, Inc., A Nortek Co. (1993): Granted $8500.00 to support graduate studies in quality and productivity.University of North Texas Faculty Research Grant (1992/1993): Granted $1800 in support of “Investigation of the Application of Neural Networks in Quality Control”.University of North Texas Faculty Research Grant (1991/92):  The University of North Texas granted $1500 in support of “Develop­ment of a Quality Metric and Assessment of Quality Practices and Needs of Texas Firms”.Apple Equipment Grant (1991): Received $40,000.00 in equipment from Apple Computer for “Using the Microcomputer as a Pedagogical Tool in the Teaching of Statistics”.  Submitted with Maragah, H. D., and  Bajgier, S. M. through the Director of Computing Services at Drexel University for funding from Apple Computer Corporation.Drexel University Internal Support (1990/91):  Drexel University granted funds to pursue Total Quality  Management as outlined in a program developed by Dr. Prybutok, “Workshops and Coaching to Achieve  Total Quality Management”.  This program was conducted in conjunction with Dr. Richard W. Schneider  (Vice President for Research and Information Resources at Drexel University).National Science Foundation Faculty Workshop Support (1990/91): The National Science Foundation funded attendance at a one week workshop entitled, “Integrating Quality and Productivi­ty in Statistics Courses”.ASQC MBA in Quality Sciences Development Funds (1989/90): Received commitment of $4000.00 in funds from The American Society for Quality Control - Philadelphia Section to support the start of an MBA in Quality Sciences.Israeli Defense Ministry Research Faculty Support (1988/89): The Israeli Defense Ministry funded the 15 month sabbatical of two quality control managers to serve as Research Associates in the Drexel Center under the direction of Dr. Prybutok.  These visitors (Emanuel Binder and Irit Binder) were degreed engineers and American Society for Quality Control Certified Quality Engineers.Ford Electronics Division Program Development Funds (Winter 1989): Received $65,000.00 from the Ford Motor Co. - Electronics Division for the Drexel Center for Quality and Productivity to develop and  deliver a three week program on Statistical Quality / Process Control.United States Navy Aviation Supply Office Program Development Funds (Winter 1989): Received $11,000.00 from the NASO for the Drexel Center for Quality and Productivity to develop and deliver internal programs on Statistical Quality / Process Control.Drexel University Research Scholar Alternate Award No. 2 (1988/89): Received $3500.00 for direct research expendi­tures in support of proposal entitled, “Sampling Strategies for Hazardous Materials Identification Within Superfund Sites”.Campbell Soup Company Program Development Funds (Spring 1988): Received $30,000.00 from the Campbell Soup Co. for the Drexel Center for Quality and Productivity to develop and deliver a three week program on Statistical Quality / Process Control.Apple Equipment Grant (1988): Received $4000.00 in equipment from Apple Computer for “Using Microcomputers as a Pedagogical Tool: Phase I - Visual Fits for Regression”.  Grant received jointly with  Bajgier, S.M..    Technicomp Equipment Award (Fall 1988): Received $3850.00 in education­al materials for use through  the Drexel Center for Quality and Productiv­ity.ASQC Program Development Funds (Summer 1987): Received $6000.00 in funds from The American  Society for Quality Control - Philadel­phia Section for the development of cooperative programs.Drexel University Mini-Grant (1986/87): Received $2000.00 in funds from Drexel University for Development of a Linear Model to Compare Leukemia Incidence Risk Between Nuclear and Coal Power Indus­tries.Refereed Journal PublicationsMeng, K., Lou, P., Peng, X, and Prybutok, V.R., “Multi-objective Optimization Decision-making of Quality Dependent Product Recovery for Sustainability,” International Journal of Production Economics, accepted for publication Mar 21, 2017.Qin, H., Boonme, K., George, B., and Prybutok, V.R., “The Moderating Effect of Gender in Urgent Care Service Satisfaction,” Quality Management Journal, accepted for publication March 3, 2017.Meng, K., Lou, P., Peng, X, and Prybutok, V.R., “Quality Driven Recovery Decisions for Used Components in Reverse Logistics,” International Journal of Production Research, available online DOI: 10.1080/00207543.2017.1287971.Koohikamali, M., Peak, D., and Prybutok, V.R., “Beyond self-disclosure: Disclosure of information about others in social network sites,” Computers in Human Behavior, Vol 69, 2017, pp 29-42.Xu, L., Blankson, C., and Prybutok, V.R., “Relative Contributions of Product Quality and Service Quality in the Automotive Industry,” Quality Management Journal, Vol. 24, No. 1, pp 21-36.Scott, R., George, B., and Prybutok, V., “A Public Transportation Decision-Making Model within a Metropolitan Area” Decision Sciences, Vol. 47, No. 6, pp 1048-1072, DOI: 10.1111/deci.12203.Phillips, B.K., Peak, D., and Prybutok, V.R., “SNSQUAL: A Social Networking Site Quality Model,” Quality Management Journal, Vol. 23, No. 3, 2016, pp 19-36. Received the American Society for Quality Gryna Award for co-authoring this paper.Boonme, K., Han, B., and Prybutok, V.R., “Group inference: A silent voice for the buyer’s decision-making,” Journal of Decision Systems, Vol. 25, No. 1, pp 1–15, http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/12460125.2015.1108157.St. John, J., Visinescu, L., Guynes, C. S., & Prybutok, V.R., “Information and Communication Technology Offshoring Logistics Success: A Social Exchange Perspective,” Information Systems Management,Vol. 33, No. 3, 2016, 212–230. DOI:10.1080/10580530.2016.1188542Hossain, M.M., and Prybutok, V.R., “Towards developing a business performance management model using causal latent semantic analysis,” Int. J. Business Performance Management, Vol. 17, No. 2, 2016, pp 161-183.Meng, K., Lou, P., Peng, X., Prybutok, V., “A Hybrid Approach for Performance Evaluation and Optimized Selection of Recoverable End-of-life Products in the Reverse Supply Chain,” Computers & Industrial Engineering, August 2016, Vol. 98, 171-184. DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cie.2016.05.025Boakye, K.G., Blankson, C., Prybutok, V.R., and Qin, H. “An assessment of national healthcare service delivery: A Ghanaian illustration,” International Journal of Quality and Reliability Management, accepted Dec 31, 2015.Meng, K., Lou, P., Peng, X., and Prybutok .V.R. “An improved co-evolutionary algorithm for green manufacturing by integration of recovery option selection and disassembly planning for end-of-life products” International Journal of Production Research, April 22, 2016, Vol 54, No. 18, pp 5567-5593. DOI: 10.1080/00207543.2016.1176263Boakye, K.G., Blankson, C., and Prybutok, V.R., “An Integrated Model of Quality for Mass Services in the Context of the Ghanaian Retail Banking Sector,” Thunderbird International Business Review, Vol. 58, No. 5 September/October 2016, pp 425-438.Vosvick, M., Fritz, S., Henry, D., Prybutok, V., Sheu, S., Poe, J., “Correlates and Racial/Ethnic Differences in Bareback Sex Among Men Who Have Sex with Men with Unknown or Negative HIV Serostatus,” AIDS and Behavior, published online March 2016, DOI 10.1007/s10461-016-1366-1 .Kochan, C.G., Pourreza, S., Tran, H., and Prybutok, V., “Determinants and logistics of e-waste recycling,” The International Journal of Logistics Management, Vol. 27 No. 1, 2016, pp. 52-70, DOI 10.1108/IJLM-02-2014-0021 .Fang, J., George, B., Prybutok, V.R., and Wen, C “Consumer Heterogeneity, Perceived Value, and Repurchase Decision-Making in Online Shopping: The Role of Gender, Age, and Shopping Motives," Journal of Electronic Commerce Research, Volume 17, No. 2, May 2016, pp 116-131.Fang, J., Prybutok, V.R., and Wen, C “Shirking behavior and socially desirable responding in online surveys: A cross-cultural study comparing Chinese and American samples" Computers in Human Behavior, Vol. 54, 2016, pp 310–317.Magro, M., Prybutok, V.R., and Ryan, S., “How Survey Administration can affect response rate in electronic surveys” Quality and Quantity, Vol. 49, 2015, pp 2145-2154, DOI 10.1007/s11135-014-0098-4.Xu, C., Peak, D., and Prybutok, V.R., “A Customer Value, Satisfaction, and Loyalty Perspective of Mobile Application Recommendations,” Decision Support Systems, Vol 79, Nov. 2015, pp 171-183, DOI: 10.1016/j.dss.2015.08.008.Ashton, T., Evangelopoulos, N., and Prybutok, V.R., “Quantitative quality control from qualitative data: control charts with latent semantic analysis,” Quality and Quantity, Vol. 49, No. 3, May 2015, pp 1081–1099, DOI 10.1007/s11135-014-0036-5.Qin, H., Prybutok, V.R., Prybutok, G.L. and Wang B., “Quantitative comparisons of urgent care service providers”, The International Journal of Health Care Quality Assurance, Vol. 28, No. 6, pp. 574 – 594, Permanent link: http://dx.doi.org/10.1108/IJHCQA-01-2014-0009Gerhart, N., Peak, D.A., and Prybutok, V.R., “Searching for New Answers: The Application of Task-Technology Fit to E-Textbook Usage,” Decision Sciences Journal of Innovative Education, Vol. 13, No. 1, Jan 2015, pp 91-111.Scott, R., Peng, X., and Prybutok, V. “Contribution of Product and Provider Quality to Cell Phone Industry Quality” Quality Management Journal, Vol. 22, No. 2, 2015, pp. 33-47.Visinescu, L., Sidorova, A., Jones, M., and Prybutok, V.R., “The influence of website dimensionality on customer experiences, perceptions and behavioral intentions: An exploration of 2D vs. 3D web design” Information and Management, Vol. 52, 2015, pp 1-17.Scott, R., Nowicki, D., and Prybutok, V. “Single-Period Newsvendor Modelling of Flu Vaccination Order Quantities,” International Journal of Logistics Systems and Management, Vol 22, No. 4, 2015, pp 483-499.Peng, X., and Prybutok, V.R., “Relative Effectiveness of the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award Categories,” International Journal of Production Research, Vol 53, Issue 2, January 2015, pages 629-647, DOI: 10.1080/00207543.2014.961207.Peng, X., Scott, R., Prybutok, V. and Sidorova, A., “Product quality vs service quality in the mobile industry: Is there a dominant driver of customer intention to switch providers?” Operations Management Research, Vol. 7, No. 3-4, Sept-Dec, pp 73-76, DOI 10.1007/s12063-014-0093-x. Phillips, B.K., Prybutok, V.R., and Peak, D., “Determinants of task performance in a visual decision-making process,” Journal of Decision Systems, Volume 23, Issue 4, October 2014, pages 373-387, DOI: 10.1080/12460125.2014.962245.Moore, A. and Prybutok, V.R., “Self-reported health and personal social networks of older people living with HIV/AIDS in Lomé, Togo”, Journal of Cross-Cultural Gerontology, Vol. 29, No. 3, September 2014, pp 329-338, DOI 10.1007/s10823-014-9238-5.Qin, H., Prybutok, V.R., Peak, D., and Boakye, K., G., “UCPERF: An Urgent Care Patient Satisfaction Instrument,” Quality Management Journal, Vol. 21, No. 3, 2014, pp. 11-25.Sharp, J. H, Ryan, S. D., & Prybutok, V. R., “Global agile team design: An informing science perspective,” Informing Science: the International Journal of an Emerging Transdiscipline, Vol. 17, 2014, 175-187, http://www.inform.nu/Articles/Vol17/ISJv17p175-187Sharp0653.pdfBoakye, K.G., McGinnis, T., Prybutok, V.R., and Paswan, A.K. (2012) “Development of a service continuance model with IT service antecedents,” Journal of Retailing and Consumer Services, Vol. 21(5), 2014, pp. 717-724, DOI: 10.1016/j.jretconser.2014.05.004Peak, D., Prybutok, V.R., Gibson, M., Wu, Y. and Xu, C., “User Perceptions of Aesthetic Visual Design Variables within the Informing Environment: A Web-Based Experiment,” Informing Science: the International Journal of an Emerging Transdiscipline, Vol. 17, 2014, pp. 25-57, http://www.inform.nu/Articles/Vol17/ISJv17p025-057Peak0358.pdf.Ramakrishnan, T., Prybutok, V.R., and Peak D.A., “The Moderating Effect of Gender on College Website Impression,” Computers in Human Behavior, Vol. 35, 2014, pp 315-319.Boonme, K., Hanus, B., Prybutok, V.R., Peak, D., and Ryan, C., “Visual Information Influences Consumer Fast-Food Choices,” Nutrition and Food Science, Vol. 44, no. 4, 2014, pp. 279-293, http://dx.doi.org/10.1108/NFS-03-2013-0036.George, B., and Prybutok, V., “Development of a Polar Extreme Method for use in Partial Least Squares SEM,” Quality and Quantity, Vol. 49, 2015, pp 471-488, 10.1007/s11135-014-0004-0.Wen, C., Prybutok, V.R., Blankson, C, and Fang, J., “The Role of E-Quality within the Consumer Decision Making Process,” International Journal of Operations and Production Management, Vol. 34, No. 12, 2014, pp. 1506-1536.Boakye, K.G., McGinnis, T., and Prybutok, V.R., “Q-TAM: a quality technology acceptance model for technology operations managers,” Operations Management Research, Vol. 7, 2014, pp 13-23, DOI 10.1007/s12063-014-0085-x.Ogara, S. O., Koh, C., & Prybutok, V., “Investigating factors affecting social presence and user satisfaction with Mobile Instant Messaging,” Computers in Human Behavior, Vol. 36,  2014, pp. 453–459.Chae, H., Koh, C. E., and Prybutok, V.R., “Information Technology Capability and Firm Performance: Contradictory Findings and Their Possible Causes,” MIS Quarterly, March 2014, Vol. 38 No. 1 pp. 305-326.Prybutok, G., Qin, H., and Prybutok, V.R., “Quantitative Comparison of Measurements of Urgent Care Service Quality,” Health Marketing Quarterly, accepted Jan 11, 2014.Phillips, B.K., Prybutok, V.R., and Peak, D., and “Decision Confidence, Information Usefulness, and Information Seeking Intention in the Presence of Disconfirming Information,” Informing Science: the International Journal of an Emerging Transdiscipline, Vol 17, 2014, pp. 1-24, http://www.inform.nu/Articles/Vol17/ISJv17p001-024Phillips386.pdf .Torres, J.L.N. and Prybutok, V.R., “Using undergraduate student research as a pedagogical tool in a predominately undergraduate institution in Mexico,” International Journal of Information and Operations Management, Vol. 5, No. 4, 2014, pp. 311-323.Prybutok, G. L., Koh, C., & Prybutok, V.R., “A Content Relevance Model for Social Media Health Information, Computers, Informatics and Nursing, April 2014, Vol. 32, Issue 4, pp. 189-200, doi: 10.1097 / CIN.0000000000000041.Fang, J., Wen, C, and Prybutok, V.R., “An assessment of equivalence between paper and social media surveys: The role of social desirability and satisficing" Computers in Human Behavior, January 2014, Vol 30, pp 335–343.Hawkins, T.G., Pohlen, T.L., and Prybutok, V.R., “Buyer opportunism in business-to-business exchange,” Industrial Marketing Management, (November 2013), Volume 42, Issue 8, pp 1181-1410, http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0019850113001181Ashton, T., Evangelopoulos, N., and Prybutok, V., “Extending monitoring methods to textual data: a research agenda,” Quality and Quantity, Vol. 48, Issue 4, 2014, pp 2277-2294, DOI: 10.1007/s11135-013-9891-8Hossain, M.M., and Prybutok, V.R., “An empirical investigation of the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award framework using causal Latent Semantic Analysis,” Int. J. Business Excellence, Vol. 7, No. 2, 2014, pp 148-167.Ashton, T., Evangelopoulos, N., and Prybutok, V., “Exponentially weighted moving average control charts for monitoring customer service quality comments,” International Journal of Services and Standards, Vol. 8, No. 3, 2013, pp 230-246.Fang, J., Wen, C, and Prybutok, V.R., “An assessment of equivalence between Internet and paper-based surveys: Evidence from collectivistic cultures,” Quality and Quantity, Vol. 48, 2014 pp 493–506, (DOI) 10.1007/s11135-012-9783-3.Fang, J., Wen, C, and Prybutok, V.R., “Equivalence of Internet and Paper-Based Surveys in IT/IS Adoption Research in Collectivistic Cultures: The Impact of Satisficing,” Behaviour & Information Technology, Vol 32, Issue 5, May 2013, pages 480-490, DOI:10.1080/0144929X.2012.751621.Magro, M.J., Ryan, S., and Prybutok, V.R., “The Social Network Application Post-Adoptive Use Model (SNAPUM): A Model Examining Social Capital and Other Critical Factors Affecting the Post-Adoptive Use of Facebook,” Informing Science: the International Journal of an Emerging Transdiscipline, Volume 16, 2013, pp. 37-69.Qin, H. and Prybutok, V.R., “A Quantitative Model for Patient Behavioral Decisions in the Urgent Care Industry,” Socio-Economic Planning Sciences, Vol. 47, 2013, pp. 50-64. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.seps.2012.08.003Prybutok, G.L., O’Connor, B., and Prybutok, V.R., “What Makes a Health Education Video ‘Go Viral’?”, Journal of Modern Internet of Things, (MIOT), Vol. 2, Issue 1, Feb 2013, pp 1-7.Han, B. and Prybutok, V.R., "“I guess” to “I get”: An effective use of smart technologyto transform undergraduate statistics education," International Journal of Information and Operations Management Education, Vol. 5, No. 1, 2012, pp. 78-85, DOI: 10.1504/IJIOME.2012.051622Han, B. and Prybutok, V.R., " Effects of human agent service quality in an instant messaging decision support system on the customer's trust building," International Journal of Services and Standards (IJSS), Vol. 8, No. 1, 2012, pp.74 – 91, DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.1504/IJSS.2012.048440.Magro, M.J., Prybutok, V.R., and Ryan, S., “Turning the tables: making surveys relevant in the classroom,” International Journal of Information and Operations Management Education, Vol. 5, No. 1, 2012, pp. 1-6. DOI: 10.1504/IJIOME.2012.051591Zhang, X., Ryan, S. D., Prybutok, V.R., and Kappelman, L.A., “Job Satisfaction and Turnover among IT Professionals: A Cognitive Dissonance Approach” The Data Base for Advances in Information Systems, Vol. 43, No 4, November 2012, pp 12-32.Peak, D., Prybutok, V.R., Gibson, M., and Xu, C. “Information Systems as a Reference Discipline for Visual Design,” International Journal of Art, Culture and Design Technologies, Vol. 2, No. 2, pp. 57-71, July-December 2012.Harden, G., Ryan, S., and Prybutok, V., “Social Networking Site Continuance: The Paradox of Negative Consequences and Positive Growth,” Informing Science: the International Journal of an Emerging Transdiscipline,VOL. 15, pp. 207-227, 2012. http://www.inform.nu/Articles/Vol15/ISJv15p207-227Harden0628.pdfBoakye, K.G., Kwon, J., Blankson, C., and Prybutok, V.R., “The Attraction of the Sizzle: A Service Investment Model,” Quality Management Journal,VOL. 19, No. 4, pp. 24-38, 2012.Wen, C., Qin H., Prybutok V.R., and Blankson C., “The role of national culture on relationships between customers’ perception of quality, values, satisfaction and behavioral intentions,” Quality Management Journal, VOL. 19, No. 4, pp. 7-23, 2012.Burton, P., Wu, A., Prybutok, V.R., and Harden, G., “Differential Effects of the Volume and Diversity of Communication Network Ties on Knowledge Workers’ Performance,” IEEE Transactions on Professional Communications, 55(3), pp. 239-253, 2012.Han, B. and Prybutok, V.R., “Effects of Human Agent Service Quality in an Instant Messaging Decision Support System on the Customer’s Trust Building,” International Journal of Services and Standards, Vol. 8, No. 1, pp. 74-91, 2012.Xu, C., Ryan, S.D., Prybutok, V.R., and Wen, C., “It Is Not for Fun: An Examination of Social Network Site Usage,” Information and Management, Vol. 49, Iss. 5, July 2012, pp. 210–217, http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0378720612000419 .Ibragimova, B., Ryan, S.D., Windsor, J., and Prybutok, V.R., “Understanding the Antecedents of Knowledge Sharing: An Organizational Justice Perspective,” Informing Science: the International Journal of an Emerging Transdiscipline, Vol. 15, 2012, pp. 183-205, http://www.inform.nu/Articles/Vol15/ISJv15p183-205Ibragimova0617.pdf .Boakye, K.G., Prybutok, V.R., and Ryan, S.D., “The intention of continued web-enabled phone service usage: A quality perspective,” Operations Management Research, Vol. 5, Iss. 1, 2012, pp. 14-24, DOI 10.1007/s12063-012-0062-1Richards, R. J., Prybutok, V.R., and Ryan, S. D., "Electronic medical records: tools for competitive advantage", International Journal of Quality and Service Sciences, Vol. 4 No, 2, 2012, pp.120 – 136, DOI:   http://dx.doi.org/10.1108/17566691211232873.Wu, Y., Prybutok, V.R., Koh, C.E., and Hanus, B.,"A nomological model of RFID privacy concern", Business Process Management Journal, Vol. 18 No. 3, 2012, pp. 420 – 444, DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.1108/14637151211232623.Peak, D., Gibson, M., and Prybutok, V.R., “Synergizing positivistic and aesthetic approaches to improve the development of interactive, visual systems design,” Information Design Journal., Printed in March 2012 with 2011 date, Vol. 19, No. 2, 103-119.Evangelopoulos, N., Zhang, X., and Prybutok, V.R., “Latent Semantic Analysis: five methodological recommendations,” European Journal of Information Systems, January 2012, pp. 70-86. DOI: 10.1057/ejis.2010.61. Published online December 21, 2010.Ryan, S., Zhang, X, Prybutok, V.R., and Sharp, J.H., “Leadership and Knowledge Management in an E-Government Environment,” Administrative Sciences, Vol. 2, No. 1, Mar 2012, pp. 63-81. DOI: 10.3390/admsci2010063. Published online February 3, 2012.Wen, C., Prybutok, V.R., and Xu, C., “An Integrated Model for Customer Online Repurchase Intention,”  Journal of Computer Information Systems, Vol. 52, No. 1, Fall 2011, pp 14-23.Peak, D., Prybutok, V.R., Wu, Y., and Xu, C., “Integrating the Visual Design Discipline with Information Systems Research and Practice,” Informing Science: the International Journal of an Emerging Transdiscipline, Vol. 14, 2011, pp 161-181.Peak, D., Guynes, C. S.., Prybutok, V.R., and Xu C., “Aligning Information Technology with Business Strategy a Perpetual Problem” Journal of Information Technology Case and Application Research, Vol. 13, No. 1, 2011, pp 16-42.Prybutok, V.R., Zhang, X, and Peak, D., “Assessing the Effectiveness of the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award Model in Municipal Government,” Socio-Economic Planning Sciences, Vol. 45, No. 3. Sept 2011, pp 118-129.Hossain, M.M., Prybutok, V.R., and Evangelopoulos, N., "Causal Latent Semantic Analysis (cLSA): An Illustration," International Business Research, Vol. 4, No. 2. April 2011, pp 38-50.Randall, W.S., Prybutok, V.R., and Gravier, M.J., “Connection, Trust, and Commitment: Dimensions of Co-Creation?,” Journal of Strategic Marketing, Vol. 19, No. 1, Feb 2011, 3-24.Landrum, H., Prybutok, V.R., Peak, D., and Qin, H., “Using importance ratings to create an information service quality measure” International Journal of Services and Standards, Vol. 6, Nos. 3/4, 2010, pp 295-307.Koh, C., Prybutok, V., Ryan, S.D., and Wu, Y., “A Model for Mandatory Use of Software Technologies: An Integrative Approach by Applying Multiple Levels of Abstraction of Informing Science,” Informing Science: the International Journal of an Emerging Transdiscipline, Vol. 13, 2010, pp 177-202.Burton, P., Wu, A. and Prybutok, V.R., “Social Network Position as Predictor of IT Professional Performance,” Informing Science: the International Journal of an Emerging Transdiscipline, Vol. 13, 2010, pp 121-137.Landrum, H., Prybutok, V.R., and Zhang, X., “The Moderating Effect of Occupation on the Perception of Information Services Quality and Success” Computers and Industrial Engineering, Vol. 58, No. 1, 2010, pp 133-142.Qin, H., Prybutok, V.R., and Zhao, Qilan., “Perceived Service Quality in Fast-Food Restaurants: Empirical Evidence from China,” International Journal of Quality and Reliability Management, Vol. 27, No. 4, pp 424-437.Ryan, S.D., Windsor, J., Ibragimova, B., and Prybutok, V.R., “Organizational Practices That Foster Knowledge Sharing: Validation Across Distinct National Cultures,” Informing Science: the International Journal of an Emerging Transdiscipline, Vol. 13, 2010, pp 139-164.Qin, Hong, Prybutok, V.R., and Peak, D.A. “Service Quality in the United States’ and Mainland China’s Fast-Food Restaurants,” International Journal of Services and Standards, Vol. 5, No. 4, pp 291-315.Hossain, M.M, Prybutok,V.R., Abdullah, ABM, and Talukder, M., “The development and research tradition of statistical quality control,” International Journal of Productivity and Quality Management, Vol. 5, No. 1, 2010, pp 21-37.Hossain, M.M., Abdullah, A.B.M.,Prybutok, V.R. and Talukder, M., “Impact of Learning Style on Web Shopper Electronic Catalog Feature Preference,” Journal of Electronic Commerce Research, Vol. 10, No. 1, 2009, pp 1-12.Landrum, H., Prybutok, V.R., Zhang, X., and Peak, D., “Measuring IS System Service Quality with SERVQUAL: Users’ Perceptions of Relative Importance of the Five SERVPERF Dimensions” Informing Science: the International Journal of an Emerging Transdiscipline, Vol. 12, 2009, pp 17-35.Qin, Hong and Prybutok, V.R., “Service Quality, Customer Satisfaction, and Behavioral Intentions in Fast-Food Restaurants,” International Journal of Quality and Service Sciences, , Vol. 1, no 1, 2009, pp 78-95.Zhang, X., Prybutok, V.R., Ryan, S. and Pavur, R., “A Model of the Relationship Among Consumer Trust, Web Design, and User Attributes,” Journal of Organizational and End User Computing, Vol. 21, no. 2. April – June 2009, pp 44-66.Koh, C. E., Prybutok, V.R., and Zhang, X., “Measuring E-Government Readiness,” Information and Management, Vol. 45, 2008, pp 540-546.Landrum, H., Prybutok, V.R., Kappelman, L.A., and Zhang, X. “SERVCESS: A Parsimonious Instrument to Measure Service Quality and Information System Success,” Quality Management Journal, Vol. 15, no. 3, July 2008, pp17-25.Huff, R.A., and Prybutok, V.R., “I.S. Project Management Decision Making: The Influence of Experience and Risk Propensity,” Project Management Journal, Vol. 39, no. 2, June 2008, pp 34-47.Pentina, I., Prybutok, V.R., and Zhang, S, “The Role of Virtual Communities as Shopping Reference Groups,” Journal of Electronic Commerce Research, Vol. 9, no. 2, 2008, pp 114-136.   Hossain, M., and Prybutok, V.R., “Consumer Acceptance of RFID Technology: An Exploratory Study,” IEEE Transactions on Engineering Management, Vol. 55, no. 2, May 2008, pp 316-328.Prybutok, V.R., Zhang, X.,  and Ryan, S, “Evaluating Leadership, IT Quality, and Net Benefits in an E Government Environment,” Information and Management, Vol. 45, no. 3, April 2008, pp 143-152.Qin, Hong and Prybutok, V.R., “Determinants of Customer-Perceived Service Quality in Fast Food Restaurants (FFRs) and Their Relationship to Customer Satisfaction and Behavioral Intentions,” Quality Management Journal, Vol. 15, no. 2, April 2, 2008, pp35-50.Landrum, H., Prybutok V.R., Strutton, D., and Zhang, X., “Examining the Merits of Usefulness Versus Use in an Information Service Quality and Information System Success Web-based Model,” Information Resources Management Journal, , Vol. 21 Issue 2, Apr-Jun 2008, p1-17.  Young, R., Zhang, L., and Prybutok, V.R., “Hacking into the Minds of Hackers” Information Systems Management, Vol. 24, No. 4, 2007, pp 281-287.Koh, C.E., Nam, K., Prybutok, V.R., and Lee, S., “A value chain perspective of internet practices, e-readiness and organizational performance: a comparison of U.S. and South Korean firms,” Industrial Management and Data Systems, Vol. 107, No. 4, 2007, pp 519-536.Zhang, L., Young, R., and Prybutok, V.R., “Inhibitors of Two Illegal Behaviors: Hacking and Shoplifting” Journal of Organizational and End User Computing, Vol. 19, No. 3, July-September, 2007, pp 24-42.Landrum, H., Prybutok, V.R., and Zhang, X., “A comparison of Magal’s service quality instrument with SERVPERF” Information and Management, Vol. 44, No. 1, Jan. 2007, pp 104-113.Zhang, X., Prybutok, V.R. and Strutton, D., “Modeling Influences on Impulse Purchasing Behaviors During Online Marketing Transactions,” Journal of Marketing Theory and Practice, Vol. 44, No. 1, Jan. 2007, pp 104-113. Taylor and Francis Group, Certificate of Recognition for Citations.Zhang, X., Prybutok, V.R. and Huang, A., “An Empirical Study of Factors Affecting E-Service Satisfaction,” Human Systems Management, manuscript HSM628 accepted for publication, v.2006/08/18, PRN:29/08/2006, 13:54, 2006. Zhang, X., Prybutok, V.R., and Koh, C.E. “The Role of Impulsiveness in a TAM-Based Online Purchasing Behavior Model,” Information Resources Management Journal, Vol. 19, No. 2, April- June 2006, pp 54 - 68.Koh, C.E., Prybutok, V.R., Ryan, S., and Ibragimova, B., “The importance of strategic readiness in an emerging e-government environment,” Business Process Management Journal, Vol. 12, No. 1, 2006, pp 32-41. Zhang, X., and Prybutok, V.R., “A Consumer Perspective of E-service Quality,” IEEE Transactions on Engineering Management, November 2005, Vol. 52, No. 4, pp 461-477.Cappel, J.J., Prybutok, V.R., and Varghese, B., “A Closer Look at Attention to Detail,” Communications of the ACM, July, 2005, Vol. 48, No. 7, pp 87-92.Prybutok, V.R., and Ramasesh, R., “An Action-Research Based Instrument for Monitoring Continuous Quality Improvement,” European Journal of Operational Research, Vol. 166, 2005, pp 293-309. Koh, C.E., Ryan, S., and Prybutok, V.R., “Creating Value Through Managing Knowledge in an E-Government to Constituency (G2C) Environment,” Journal of Computer Information Systems, Summer 2005, Vol. 45, No. 4, pp 32-41.Zhang, X. and Prybutok, V.R., “Mobile Communication Market Differences in China, The U.S. and Europe,” Communications of the ACM, March, 2005, Vol. 48, No. 3, pp 112-114.Prybutok, V.R. and Cutshall R., “Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award leadership model,” Industrial Management and Data Systems, Vol. 104, No. 7, 2004, pp 558 -566.Kulkarni, S., and Prybutok, V.R., “Process Investment and Loss Functions: Models and Analysis,” European Journal of Operational Research, Vol. 157, No. 1, August 16 2004, pp 120-129. Emerald Management Reviews Citation of Excellence for Research ImplicationsZhang, X. and Prybutok, V.R., “An empirical study of online shopping: a service perspective,” International Journal of Services Technology and Management, Volume 5, No.1, 2004, pp 1-13. Landrum, H., and Prybutok, V.R., “Measuring Service Quality in the Information Service Industry,” European Journal of Operational Research, Vol. 156, No. 3, August 1 2004, pp 628-642. Zhang, X. and Prybutok, V.R., “TAM: The Moderating Effect of Gender on Online Shopping,” Journal of International Technology and Information Management, Volume 12, No.2, Fall 2003, pp 99-118. Getty, R.L., and Prybutok, V.R., “The effects of streamlined operations on the perceived quality success criteria at Lockheed Martin Aeronautics – Fort Worth,” Industrial Management and Data Systems, Vol. 103, No. 2 2003, pp 85 -96. Zhang, X. and Prybutok, V.R., “Factors Contributing to Purchase Intentions on the Internet,” Journal of Internet Commerce, Vol. 2, No. 1, pp 3-18, 2003.Koh, C. and Prybutok, V.R., “The Three Ring Model and Development of an Instrument for Measuring Dimensions of E-Government Functions,” Journal of Computer Information Systems, Vol. XXXXIII, No. 3, Spring 2003, pp 34-39.Vedder, R.G., Van Dyke, T.P., and Prybutok, V.R., “Death of an Expert System: A Case Study of Success and Failure,” Journal of International Technology and Information Management, Vol. 11, No. 1, Spring 2002, pp 73-80.  Kulkarni, S., Jayakumar, M.D., and Prybutok, V.R., “Optimal Productivity and Investments in Quality: An Operations Parametric Model,” Economic Quality Control, Vol. 16, No. 2, pp 255-269, 2001.White, R.E., and Prybutok, V.R., “The Relationship Between JIT Practices and Type of Production System,” OMEGA, Vol 29, 2001, pp 113-114. Emerald Management Reviews Citation of Excellence for Practical Implications                           Yi, J., Prybutok, V.R., and Clayton, H.R., “ARL Comparisons between Neural Network Models and x-bar Control Charts for Quality Characteristics that are Nonnormally Distributed,” Economic Quality Control, Vol. 16, No. 1, 2001, pp 5-15. Chong, H., White, R.E., and Prybutok, V.R., “Relationship Among Organizational Support, JIT Implementation, and Performance,” Industrial Management and Data System, Vol. 101, No. , 2001, pp 273-280.  Emerald Management Reviews Citation of Excellence for Practical Implications     Prybutok, V.R., Richards, R.M., and Cutshall, R., “The Significance of Information and Analysis as a Component of a Leadership Model Based on Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award Criteria,” Journal of Computer Information Systems, Vol. 41, No. 4, Summer 2001, pp 52-56.Ryan, S. and Prybutok, V.R.,  “Factors Affecting the Adoption of Knowledge Management Technologies: A Discriminative Approach,” Journal of Computer Information Systems, Vol. 41, No. 4, Summer 2001, pp 31-37. Yi, J. and Prybutok, V.R., “Neural Network Forecasting Model As An Alternative to OLS Regression Model for Handling Messy Data,” Commerce and Economic Review, Korean publication by Industrial Development Institute at Kyungsung University, Vol. 17, No. 1, Feb. 2001, pp 137-158Golladay, R. M., Prybutok, V.R., and Huff R.A., “Critical Success Factors for the Online Learner,” Journal of Computer Information Systems, Vol. 40, No. 4, Summer 2000, pp 69-71.Prybutok, V.R., Yi, J., and Mitchell, D., “Comparison of Neural Network Models with ARIMA and Regression Models for Prediction of Houston’s Daily Maximum Ozone Concentrations,” European Journal of Operational Research, Vol. 122, No. 1, April 2000, pp 31-40.  Emerald Management Reviews Citation of Excellence for Research ImplicationsVan Dyke, T., Prybutok, V.R., and Kappelman, L, “Cautions on the Use of the SERVQUAL Measure to Assess the Quality of Information Systems Services,” Decision Sciences, Vol. 30, No. 3, Summer 1999, pp 877-892. Emerald Management Reviews Citation of Excellence for Research Implications, Citation of Excellence for Practical Implications, and Citation of Excellence for ReadabilityFox, T.L., Guynes, C.S., Prybutok, V.R., and Windsor, J., “Maintaining Quality in Information Systems,” Journal of Computer Information Systems, Vol. 40, No. 1, Fall 1999, pp 76-80.Pavur, R. J.,  Prybutok, V.R.,  Kappelman, L., and Richards, R. M. “Using Information Technology Competence and Personal Prospects to Assess the Risk-Taking Propensity of Candidates for Business Jobs,” Internation­al Journal of Operations and Quantitative Management, Vol.5, No.1, April 1999, pp 27-41. Prybutok, V.R. and Spink, A., “Using the Baldrige Criteria for Self-Assessment Assisted One Health Care Provider with its Quality Advantage Strategy,” IEEE Transactions on Engineering Management, Vol. 46, No. 3, August 1999, pp 299-310. Klaviter, K., Prybutok, V.R., and White, R.E.,  “Issues in Establishing and Maintaining An Academic Center for Quality and Productivity in Russia Today,” Competitiveness Review, Vol. 9, No. 2, 1999, pp 58-64. Stafford, M. R.,  Prybutok, V.R., Wells, B. P., and, Kappelman, L.A.  “Assessing The Fit And Stability Of Alternative Measures Of Service Quality,” The Journal of Applied Business Research, Vol. 15, No. 2, Spring 1999, pp 13-30.Kappelman, L.A., Fent, D., Keeling, K.B., and Prybutok, V.R., "Calculating the Cost of Year - 2000 Compliance," Communications of the ACM, Vol 41, No. 2, Feb. 1998, pp 30-39.Prybutok, V.R. and Spink, A., "Transforming a Healthcare Information Management System," Topics in Health Information Management, Vol. 18, No. 2, Nov. 1997, pp 1-11.Kappelman, L.A., Fent, D., and Prybutok, V.R., "The Cost of Compliance Cost," Software Magazine (editorially reviewed), Oct. 1997, pp 14 & 18.Yager, S. E., Kappelman, L.A., Maples, G.A., and Prybutok, V.R., "Microcomputer Playfulness: Stable or Dynamic Trait?" Data Base (The Data Base for Advances in Information Systems), Spring, Vol. 28, No. 2., 1997, pp 43- 52.Van Dyke, T., Kappelman, L., and Prybutok, V.R., "Measuring Information Systems Service Quality: Concerns on the Use of the SERVQUAL Questionnaire," MIS Quarterly, June 1997, pp 195-208.Huff, R.A., Keil, M., Kappelman, L.A, and Prybutok, V.R.,"Validation of the Sitkin-Weingart Business Risk Propensity Scale", Management Research News, Vol. 20, No. 12, 1997, pp 39-47.Huff, R.A., Prybutok, V.R., Kappelman, L.A, Cohen, J., and Beck L., "Lockheed Martin Tactical Aircraft Systems Quality Survey Results", Work Study, Vol. 46, No. 5, 1997, pp 162-171. Literati Club (MCB Press) 1998 Highly Commended AwardKappelman, L.A., Fent, D., Keeling, K.B., and Prybutok, V.R., "How Much Will Year / 2000 Compliance Cost?," Year / 2000 Journal, Vol. 1., No. 3., 1997, pp 24, & 26-31.Nam, K., Yi, J., and Prybutok, V.R., "Predicting Airline Passenger Volume," The Journal of Business Forecasting, Vol. 16, No. 1, Spring 1997, pp 14-16.Prybutok, V.R. and Stafford, M., "Using the Baldrige Criteria for Self-Assessment,"Marketing Health Services (formerly Journal of Health Care Marketing), Vol. 17, No. 1, Spring 1997, pp 45-48.Clayton, H., Harvey, M., and Prybutok, V.R., "A Simulation Study for Comparing Fixed with Variable Sampling Interval Shewhart X-Bar Control Charts in the Presence of Undetected Autocorrelated Data,"Simulation, Vol. 68, No. 3, March 1997, pp 164-173.Myers, B.L., Kappelman, L.A., and Prybutok, V.R., "A Comprehensive Model for Assessing the Quality and Productivity of the Information Systems Function: Toward a Theory for Information Systems Assessment," Information Resources Management Journal, Vol. 10, No. 1, Winter 1997, pp 6 - 25. Emerald Management Reviews Citation of Excellence for ReadabilityPrybutok, V.R., Clayton, H., and Harvey, M., " Comparison of Fixed Versus Variable Sampling Interval Shewhart X-Bar Control Chart in the Presence of Positively Autocorrelated Data", Communications in Statistics, Vol. 26, No. 1, 1997, pp 83-106.Prybutok, V.R., Guynes, C.S., and Windsor, J., "Data Quality - A Critical Information Systems Consideration," Data Management Review, July-August, 1996, pp 99-101.Richards, R. M., Prybutok, V.R., and Kappelman, L. "Influence of Computer User Training on Decision-Making Risk Preferences," Management Research News, Vol. 19, No. 11, 1996, pp 26-41.Yi, J., and Prybutok, V.R., "A Neural Network Model Forecasting for Prediction of Daily Maximum Ozone Concentration in an Industrialized Urban Area,"Environmental Pollution, Vol. 92, No. 3, 1996, pp 349-357.Kappelman, L.A., Prybutok, V.R., von Dran, G., "Empowerment and Successful Management of an Organizational Change: The Case of a Bank Acquisition," Management Research News, Vol. 19, No. 7, 1996, pp 23-36.Huang, A., Kappelman, L.A., Prybutok, V.R., von Dran, G., and Maples, G.E. "User Empowerment During a Coercive Organizational Change Enabled by Information Systems Change,"Journal of Applied Management Studies, Vol. 5, No. 2, 1996, pp 117-130. Emerald Management Reviews Citation of Excellence for Practical ImplicationsGuynes, C.S., Prybutok, V.R., and Myers, B.L., "Evolving Data Quality Considerations for Client /Server Environments," Data Quality, Vol. 2, No. 1, September 1996, pp 21-27.Nam, K., Prybutok, V. R., and Jayakumar, M. D., "Trained Neural Networks: An Alternative Paradigm for Least Squares Fitting," International Journal of Computers and Engineering Management, Vol. 3, No. 3, September - December 1995, pp 18-30.von Dran, G., Kappelman, L.A., and Prybutok, V.R., "The Emerging Information Infrastructure: Some Policy Implications," International Journal of Computers and Engineering Management, Vol. 3, No. 2, May - August 1995, pp 41-47.Prybutok, V.R., and Nam K., "Application of Neural Networks to Statistical Production/Inventory Forecasting,"Midwestern Business and Economic Review, No. 21, Spring 1995, pp 33-39.von Dran, G.M., Guynes, C.S., and Prybutok, V.R., "The Information Infrastructure: Policy and Security Considerations,"ACM-Computers and Society, Vol. 26, No. 1, March 1996, pp 13-15.von Dran, G., Kappelman, L., and Prybutok, V.R., "Empowerment and the Management of an Organizational Transformation Project," Project Management Journal, Vol. XXVII, No. 1, March 1996, pp12-17.von Dran, G.M., Prybutok, V.R., and Kappelman, L.A., "Arizona State University’s Lesson in Creating Public Sector Change Agents," National Productivity Review, Spring 1996, pp 17-22.Guynes, C.S., Maples, G.E., and Prybutok, V.R., "Privacy Issues in Statistical Database Environments,"ACM-Computers and Society,Vol. 25, No. 4, December 1995, pp 3-5.Harvey, M., Clayton, H., and Prybutok, V.R.,"Comparison of Fixed Versus Variable Sampling Interval Shewhart X-bar Control Charts in the Presence of Undetected Positively Autocorrelated Data with Calculated Control Limits," Economic Quality Control, Vol. 10, No. 3, September 1995, pp 175-181.Clayton, H., Prybutok, V.R., and Harvey, M., "The Results of Not Adjusting the Shewhart X-bar Control Chart for Positively Autocorrelated Data," International Journal of Computer and Engineering Management, Vol. 3, No. 1, January-April 1995, pp 67-74.Prybutok, V.R. and Kappelman, L., "Early Empowerment Creates Productive Outcomes During an Organizational Transformation," Work Study, Vol. 44, No. 7, September / October 1995, pp 15-18. Literati Club 1997 Award for Excellence, Highly Commended (runner up for MCB press Outstanding Paper), March 11, 1997.Kappelman, L., and Prybutok, V.R., "Empowerment, Motivation, Training, and TQM Program Implementation Success," Industrial Management, Vol. 37, No. 3, May/June 1995, pp 12-15.Harvey, M., Clayton, H., and Prybutok, V.R.,"Comparison of Fixed Versus Variable Sampling Interval Shewhart X-bar Control Charts in the Presence of Undetected Positively Autocorrelated Data with Fixed Control Limits," Economic Quality Control, Vol. 10, No. 1, March 1995, pp 3-11.Kappelman, L. and Prybutok, V.R.,"A Small Amount of Empowerment Pays Off Big in a Regional Bank," National Productivity Review, Vol. 14, No. 4, Autumn 1995, pp 39-43.Prybutok, V.R., "The Role of Multiple Regression and Exploratory Data Analysis in the Development of Leukemia Incidence Risk Models for Comparison of Nuclear and Coal Power Industries Radionuclide Air Stack Emissions," Environmental Pollution, Vol. 87, No. 1, pp 77-83, 1995.Prybutok, V.R., Sanford, C.C., and Nam K., "A Comparison of Neural Network To Shewhart X-BAR Control Chart Applications," Economic Quality Control, Vol. 9, No. 3, pp 143-164, 1994.Prybutok, V.R., et. al., "Where Have All the Traditional Classroom Settings Gone?--The Use of Large Scale, Public Sector Projects to Illustrate a Multidisciplinary Approach to Problem Solving," Socio-Economic Planning Sciences, Vol. 28, No. 4, pp 241-249, 1994.Jayakumar, M.D., Prybutok, V.R., and Guzek, R.D., "Integrating Quality and Productivity to Improve Net Profits: A Management Science Approach," Economic Quality Control, Vol. 8, No. 2, pp 82-95, 1993.Bajgier, S. M., Maragah, H., Prybutok, V. R., Saccucci, M. S., and Verzilli, A., "Introducing Students to Community Operations Research Through the Use of a City Neighborhood as a Living Laboratory," Operations Research, Vol. 39, no. 5, pp 701-709, Sept-Oct 1991.Maragah, H., Prybutok, V. R., and Rauscher, T., "An Attribute Sampling Plan with Competing Economic Constraints: A Case Study," Economic Quality Control, Vol. 6, no. 3, pp 125-137, 1991.Prybutok, V. R. and Gold, L. M., "Sensitivity Analysis for Power Industry Air Stack Emissions Leukemia Incidence Risk Comparison Models," Journal of Hazardous Materials, 26, pp 319-331, 1991.Prybutok, V. R., Bajgier, S. M., and Atkinson, M., "Statistics Instruction: The Next Generation," Journal of Computers in Mathematics and Science Teaching, Vol. 10, no. 3, pp 15-28, Spring 1991.Prybutok, V. R., Atkinson, M., and Saniga, E.M., "Sampling Strategies for Competing Quality Objectives in a Near Zero Defect Process," Production and Inventory Management Journal, Vol. 31, no. 1, pp 49-53, First Quarter 1990.Bajgier, S. M., Atkinson, M., and Prybutok, V. R., "Visual Fits in the Teaching of Regression Concepts," The American Statistician, Vol. 43, no. 4, pp 229-234, November 1989.Prybutok, V. R., Bajgier, S. M., and Atkinson, M., Reply to comments on "Visual Fits in the Teaching of Regression Concepts," The American Statistician, Vol. 44, no. 3, pp 254-255, August 1990.Prybutok, V. R. and Gold, L. M., "Modeling for Comparison of Leukemia Incidence Risk Between Nuclear and Coal Power Industries," Nuclear Technology, Vol. 78, no. 3, pp 303-311, September 1987.Saniga, E. and Prybutok, V. R., "Strategic Quality Control," Economic Quality Control, Vol. 2, no. 1, pp 4-10, 1987.Book Chapters and Published Book ReviewsBOOK CHAPTERS:Peak, D., Prybutok, V.R, Wu, Y., and Xu, C. “Integrating the Visual Design Discipline with Information Systems Research and Practice,” Chapter 7 in Inventive Approaches for Technology Integration and Information Resources Management, Edited by: Mehdi Khosrow-Pour, IGI Global, ISBN13: 9781466662568, 2014.Zhang, L., Young, R.F. and Prybutok, V.R, “A Comparison of the Inhibitors of Hacking Versus Shoplifting,” Chapter V in Evolutionary Concepts in End User Productivity and Performance: Applications for Organizational Progress Part of the Advances in End User Computing (AEUC) Book Series,  Edited By: Steve Clarke, University of Hull, UK, IGI Global, ISBN 978-1-60566-136-0, 2008.Zhang, L., Young, R.F. and Prybutok, V.R., “Inhibitors of Two Deviant Behaviors: Hacking and Shoplifting,” Chapter 5.9 (pp. 1652 - 1666) in End User Computing: Concepts, Methodologies, Tools, and Applications, IGI Global, 2008.Myers, B.L., Kappelman, L.A., and Prybutok, V.R., "A Comprehensive Model for Assessing the Quality and Productivity of the Information Systems Function: Toward a Theory for Information Systems Assessment," Chapter 6 (pp 94 - 121) in Information Systems Success Measuremen, IDEA Group Publishing, 1998.Kappelman, L.A., Fent, D., and Prybutok, V.R., "How Much Will Year 2000 Compliance Cost?," Chapter 5.2 (pp 279 - 290) in Year 2000 Problem: Strategies and Solutions from the Fortune 100, International Thomson Computer Press, N.Y., 1997.BOOK REVIEWS:Prybutok, V.R., Review of Statistical Rules of Thumb by Gerald van Belle, John Wiley and Sons, 2002, for Technometrics, Feb 2003, Vol 45, 1, p 107.Prybutok, V.R., Review of Empowered Teams: Creating Self-directed Work Groups That Improve Quality, Productivity, and Participation by Richard S. Wellins, William C. Byham and Jeane N. Wilson, Josey Bass Publishers, Quality Progress, pp 151-152, August 1992.Prybutok, V. R., Review of An Introduction to Statistical Methods and Data Analysis, 3rd Ed by Lyman Ott, PWS-Kent, Technometrics, Vol. 31, no. 3, pp 219-220, August 1989.  Dissertation"Development of a Technique for Comparing Relative Risk as Measured by Leukemia Incidence of Radionuclide Air Stack Emissions from Nuclear Versus Coal Power Generation," Ph.D. Dissertation, Drexel University (June 1984), available from University Microfilms.Conference Proceedings and PresentationsStegmair, J., and Prybutok, V., “Helpfulness of Resilience in Cyberbullying: A Text-based Analysis of Statements of Undergraduate Students,” Proceedings Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region 44th Annual Conference, Little Rock, AR, Mar. 8-11.Jiang, J., Rokonuzzaman, Md., Baithalmal, M., Harun, A., and Prybutok, V., “Understanding Factors Affecting Fast Fashion Product Purchase Intention,” Proceedings Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region 44th Annual Conference, Little Rock, AR, Mar. 8-11.Rokonuzzaman, Md., Harun, A., and Prybutok, V., “Interaction Effect of the Marketing Mix Elements on Purchase Intention: A Causal Study,” Proceedings Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region 44th Annual Conference, Little Rock, AR, Mar. 8-11.Xu, L., and Prybutok, V., “Environmentally Friendly Products Purchasing Decision,” Proceedings Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region 44th Annual Conference, Little Rock, AR, Mar. 8-11.Xu, L., Peng, X., and Prybutok, V., “Reflective vs. Formative Measurements in Operations Management Research,” Presentation at the 47th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Austin, TX, Nov 19-22, 2016.Prybutok, G.L., Prybutok, V., and Xie, H., “An Effective Health Education Venue for Safe Sex in a Target Population,” Presentation at the 47th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Austin, TX, Nov 19-22, 2016.Dinulescu, C., Harun, A., and Prybutok, V., “Supply Chain Risk Evaluation through Analytics of Corporate Disclosures,” Presentation at the 47th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Austin, TX, Nov 19-22, 2016.Peng, X., Pavur, R., and Prybutok, V., “Quality Management Theory Development via Meta-analysis,” Presentation at the 47th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Austin, TX, Nov 19-22, 2016.Habib, A., Prybutok, V., and Peng, X., “Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award framework within a Municipal Government,” Presentation at the 47th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Austin, TX, Nov 19-22, 2016.Dinulescu, C., Harun, A., and Prybutok, V., “An Insight into Outcomes of Thoracic Surgery through Data Mining Approaches,” Presentation at the 47th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Austin, TX, Nov 19-22, 2016.Harun, A., and Prybutok, V., “Exploring the Dynamics between Corporate Social Responsibility and Buying Behavior,” Presentation at the 47th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Austin, TX, Nov 19-22, 2016.Scott, R., Prybutok, G.L., and Prybutok, V., “Impact of Social Media Exchanges on Healthcare Services,” Presentation at the 47th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Austin, TX, Nov 19-22, 2016.Obaze, Y., and Prybutok, V., “Community-Based Logistics and Supply Chain Service Ecosystem,” Presentation at the 47th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Austin, TX, Nov 19-22, 2016.Ta, A.V., and Prybutok, V., “Acceptance Model of Bottled Water Use,” Presentation at the 47th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Austin, TX, Nov 19-22, 2016.Stegmair, J.G., and Prybutok, V., “Resilience and Cyber Bullying Coping Behavior As Measured in Undergraduate College Students,” Presentation at the 47th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Austin, TX, Nov 19-22, 2016.Prybutok, V., Gadgil, G., and Peak, D., “Investigating Impression Management of Students on Social Networking Sites,” Presentation at the 47th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Austin, TX, Nov 19-22, 2016.Gallemore, K., Obaze, Y., Prybutok, V., and Peak, D., “The Impact of Challenges on the University of North Texas Food Pantry Logistics,” Presentation at the 47th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Austin, TX, Nov 19-22, 2016.Liu, X., and Prybutok, V., “A Post Adoption Quality Model for Evaluating Cloud Services,” Presentation at the 47th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Austin, TX, Nov 19-22, 2016.Scott, R., Prybutok, G., and Prybutok, V., “Healthcare Distribution Response To A Zika Virus Vaccine,” Presentation at the INFORMS Annual Meeting, Nashville, TN, Nov 12-16, 2016.Peng, X., and Prybutok, V., “A Meta-analytic And Latent Semantic Analysis Approach To Informing Quality Management,” Presentation at the INFORMS Annual Meeting, Nashville, TN, Nov 12-16, 2016.Xu, L., and Prybutok, V., “Environmentally Friendly Car Purchase Intention In The United States,” Presentation at the INFORMS Annual Meeting, Nashville, TN, Nov 12-16, 2016.Phillips, B., Peak, D., and Prybutok, V., “The Impact of Learning Style on Task Performance in a Decision Making Model,” Proceedings Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Oklahoma City, OK, Mar 9-11, 2016.Obaze, Y., Prybutok, V., and Peak, D., “Community Based Participatory Research: Community Based Supply Chain Food Providers,” Proceedings Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Oklahoma City, OK, Mar 9-11, 2016.Prybutok, G., and Prybutok, V., “YouTube: An Effective Health Education Venue for Safe Sex in a Target Population,” Proceedings Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Oklahoma City, OK, Mar 9-11, 2016.Halwani, M., Peak, D., and Prybutok, V., “Big Data Professions,” Proceedings Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Oklahoma City, OK, Mar 9-11, 2016.Obaze, Y., Prybutok, V., and Peak, D., “Strategic Logistics Alliances: Demand Complexities for a Natural Gas Producing Company,” Proceedings Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Oklahoma City, OK, Mar 9-11, 2016.Scott, R., Nowicki, M., and Prybutok, V.R., “Examination of the Relationship between Attention to Political Correctness and Communication,” Presentation at the 46th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Seattle, WA, Nov 21-24, 2015.George, B., and Prybutok, V.R., “Sensitivity Analysis of Early and Late Response Bias within Structural Equation Modeling,” Presentation at the 46th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Seattle, WA, Nov 21-24, 2015.Peng, X., and Prybutok, V.R., “A Meta-analytic and Latent Semantic Analysis to Develop Quality Management Theory,” Presentation at the 46th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Seattle, WA, Nov 21-24, 2015.Liu. X., and Prybutok, V.R., “Factors that Affect Cloud Computing Use,” Presentation at the 46th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Seattle, WA, Nov 21-24, 2015.Scott, R., Prybutok, G.L., and Prybutok, V.R., “Demographics and Smoking on a Smoke Free Campus,” Presentation at the 46th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Seattle, WA, Nov 21-24, 2015.Kwon, J., and Prybutok, V.R., “Big quality, Value Co-creation, and Customer Satisfaction in Healthcare Services,” Presentation at the 46th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Seattle, WA, Nov 21-24, 2015.Obaze, Y., and Prybutok, V.R., “Understanding the Practices of Charitable Food Logistics using a Newsvendor Model,” Presentation at the 46th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Seattle, WA, Nov 21-24, 2015.Qin, H., Boonme, K., George, B., and Prybutok, V.R., “Assessing Gender as Moderating Variable in Urgent Care Service Quality,” Presentation at the 46th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Seattle, WA, Nov 21-24, 2015.Halwani, M., Peak, D., and Prybutok, V.R., “B Pros and Cons of Using Big Data,” Presentation at the 46th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Seattle, WA, Nov 21-24, 2015.Koohikamali, M., Peak, D., and Prybutok, V.R., “Location-based mobile applications: A workforce under surveillance,” Presentation at the 46th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Seattle, WA, Nov 21-24, 2015.Xu, L., and Prybutok, V.R., “Study the Effects of Product Quality on Customer Satisfaction in the Automotive Industry,” Presentation at the 46th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Seattle, WA, Nov 21-24, 2015.Stegmair, J.G. and Prybutok, V.R., “Resilience and Cyber Bullying Coping Behavior as Measured in Undergraduate College Students,” Presentation at the 46th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Seattle, WA, Nov 21-24, 2015.Scott, R., Prybutok, G., and Prybutok, V., “Rapid Vaccination Response to a Deadly Disease Outbreak,” Presentation at the INFORMS Annual Meeting, Philadelphia, PA, Nov 1-4, 2015.Peng, X., Prybutok, V., and Pavur, R., “Quality Management Theory Development via Meta-analysis,” Presentation at the INFORMS Annual Meeting, Philadelphia, PA, Nov 1-4, 2015.Halwani, M., Prybutok, V., Corwin, A., and Peak, D., “Big Data,” Poster Session at the INFORMS Annual Meeting, Philadelphia, PA, Nov 1-4, 2015.Crutsinger, Prybutok, V., Golden, T., Meernik, J., and Wilson, A., “Leading by Example: University Top Scholars Support Mentoring Networks,” Proceedings of The Mentoring Institute 8th Annual 2015 Mentoring Conference, Albuquerque New Mexico,  Oct 20-23, 2015, pp. 388-389.Boakye, K.G., Blankson, C., Prybutok, V., and Qin, H., “An assessment of national healthcare service delivery: A Ghanaian illustration,” Refereed Research Paper in the Proceedings of the Academy of International Business, Southeast USA Chapter, Savannah, GA, November 12-14, 2015.Boakye, K.G., Blankson, C., and Prybutok, V., “The battle for customer relationship: Toward the operationalization of the investment model,” Refereed Research Paper in the Proceedings of the 3rd International Conference on Contemporary Marketing Issues in London, June 30 –July 5, 2015.Prybutok, G., Ruuska, A., Xu, L., and Prybutok, V., “A Research Investigation on Health-E-Message Delivery on YouTube,” Proceedings Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Houston, TX, Mar 11-14, 2015, AB012.Peng, X., and Prybutok, V., “Reflective VS Formative Measurements in Operations Management Research: Using Partial Least Squares,” Proceedings Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Houston, TX, Mar 11-14, 2015, AB013.Obaze, Y., and Prybutok, V., “Delivery of Charitable Products and Services: Logistics and Supply Chain Management in Faith Based Organizations,” Proceedings Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Houston, TX, Mar 11-14, 2015, AB020.Liu X., and Prybutok, V., “Cloud Computing Technology Lowers the Use of PC Cloud,” Proceedings Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Houston, TX, Mar 11-14, 2015, AB037.Scott, R.A., Rosales, A. and Prybutok, V., “Examining the Trade-Offs between Driving and Public Transportation to a Metropolitan Area: An Exploratory Study,” Proceedings Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Houston, TX, Mar 11-14, 2015, AB046.Kwon, J., and Prybutok, V., “Big quality, Value Co-creation, and Customer Satisfaction in Airline Services,” Proceedings Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Houston, TX, Mar 11-14, 2015, AB066.Prybutok, G.L., and Prybutok, V., “A Health Education Module for Preventing STDs among 18-30 Year Olds,” Presentation at the 45th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Tampa, FL, Nov 22-25, 2014.Boakye, K. G., Blankson, C., and Prybutok, V., “Development of a Mass Service Customer Commitment Model,” Presentation at the 45th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Tampa, FL, Nov 22-25, 2014.Scott, R., Peng, X., and Prybutok, V., “Impact of Product and Provider Quality on Overall Quality in the Cell Phone Industry,” Presentation and abstract in the Proceedings of the 45th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Tampa, FL, Nov 22-25, 2014.George, B., Hanus, B., Ashton, T., Prybutok, V., and Windsor, J., “The Relationship between Online Product Reviews and Quality: A Text Mining Study of Online Customer Reviews,” Presentation at the 45th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Tampa, FL, Nov 22-25, 2014.Scott, R., George, B., and Prybutok, V., “The Role of Supply Chain in Healthcare: A Unique View of Humanitarian Logistics,” Presentation at the 45th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Tampa, FL, Nov 22-25, 2014.Kwon, J. and Prybutok, V., “Value Co-creation and Customer Satisfaction across Service Industries,” Presentation at the 45th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Tampa, FL, Nov 22-25, 2014.Boonme, K. and Prybutok, V., “The Impact of Culture on the Decision-Making Process,” Presentation at the 45th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Tampa, FL, Nov 22-25, 2014.Phillips, B., Prybutok, V., and Peak, D., “A New SNS Quality Model that Combines E-Service and Webqual,” Presentation at the 45th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Tampa, FL, Nov 22-25, 2014.Prybutok, V., “Using Technology in a Multiple Large Section Undergraduate Statistics Course,” Presentation at the 45th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Tampa, FL, Nov 22-25, 2014.Obaze, Y., Kulkarni, S., and Prybutok, V., “Benefits of Distribution Flexibility using Newsvendor Model for Health-care Services,” Presentation at the INFORMS Annual Meeting, San Francisco, CA, Nov 9-12, 2014.Peng, X., and Prybutok, V., “The Supply Chain Construct Imbedded within the Malcolm Baldridge National Quality Award,” Presentation at the INFORMS Annual Meeting, San Francisco, CA, Nov 9-12, 2014.Crutsinger, C. Wilson, D., Wilson, A., Prybutok, V. and Golden, T. “Faculty Mentor Networks: Strategies for Increasing Scholarly Output,” Proceedings and Poster Session at The Mentoring Institute 7th Annual 2014 Mentoring Conference, Albuquerque New Mexico,  Oct 21-24, 2014, pp. 26-28.Peng, X., and Prybutok, V.R., “Assessing the influence of the categories of the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award on the results within a municipal government.,” Proceedings & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Dallas, TX, Mar 12-15, 2014, PA044, pp. 441--443.George, B., Hanus, B., and Prybutok, V.R., “Investigation of Product Quality Components Using Text Mining within Online Customer Product Reviews.,” Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Dallas, TX, Mar 12-15, 2014, AB060, pp. 601.Ruuska, A., Prybutok, G., Prybutok, V.R., and George, B., “Comparison of the Effectiveness of Social Media as a Health Information Channel about Binge Drinking for Honor and Non-honors Students.,” Proceedings & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Dallas, TX, Mar 12-15, 2014, PA075.Wen, C., Fang, J., and Prybutok, V.R., “A Comprehensive Model of Quality in E-Commerce Based on the Consumer Decision Making Process,” Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Dallas, TX, Mar 12-15, 2014, AB087.Richardson, D., Olusanya, S., George, B., and Prybutok, V.R., “A Model for Examination of the Impact of Individual Characteristics upon Student Debt,” Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Dallas, TX, Mar 12-15, 2014, AB146, 1461-1462.Kochan, C.G., Pourrezajourshari, S., Tran, H., and Prybutok, V., “Determinants of E-waste Recycling Behavior on Campus,” Presentation at the 44th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Baltimore, MD, Nov 16-19, 2013.Scott, R., and Prybutok, V., “Transportation to Attend a Metropolitan University,” Presentation at the 44th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Baltimore, MD, Nov 16-19, 2013.George, B., and Prybutok, V., “Application of the Polar Extreme Methodology in Structural Equation Modeling,” Presentation at the 44th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Baltimore, MD, Nov 16-19, 2013.Kwon J. H., and Prybutok, V., “The Effect of English Proficiency, Subject Familiarity, and Exposure Time of International Respondents on Survey Research Results,” Presentation at the 44th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Baltimore, MD, Nov 16-19, 2013.Phillips, B.K., Peak, D., and Prybutok, V., “Determinants of Task Performance Success in a Visual Aided Decision Making Process,” Presentation at the 44th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Baltimore, MD, Nov 16-19, 2013.Tran, H., Pourrezajourshari, S., Kochan, C.G., and Prybutok, V., “Life-Cycle-Cost and Life-Cycle-Affordability Consideration and Purchase Regret In Homebuyers,” Presentation at the 44th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Baltimore, MD, Nov 16-19, 2013.Boakye, K.G., McGinnis, T., and Prybutok, V., “An Integrated Technology Acceptance Model for Predicting Product Usage,” Presentation at the 44th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Baltimore, MD, Nov 16-19, 2013.Prybutok, V., “Technology Allows In Class Experiential Activities and Enhances Engagement in Large Undergraduate Statistics Classes,” Presentation at the 44th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Baltimore, MD, Nov 16-19, 2013.Magro, M.J., and Prybutok, V., “Organizational Pessimism and its Effects on Green Computing Initiatives,” Presentation at the 44th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Baltimore, MD, Nov 16-19, 2013.Wen, C., Prybutok, V., and Xu, C., “Why people shop online? Moderating effects of Hedonic and Utilitarian Motivations,” Presentation at the 44th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Baltimore, MD, Nov 16-19, 2013.Kwon J. H., and Prybutok, V., “The Effect of Perceived Value and Service Quality on Customer Satisfaction in Routine Healthcare Management,” Presentation at the 44th Annual Meeting of the Decision Sciences Institute, Baltimore, MD, Nov 16-19, 2013.George, B., and Prybutok, V.R., “A Structural Equation Model that Examines the Quality of the Relationship Among Individual Characteristics and Student Debt.,” Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Albuquerque, NM, Mar 14-16, 2013, AB007, pp. 1551-1552.Ramakrishnan, T., and Prybutok, V.R., “Factors Influencing the Perception of College Website Quality,” Paper & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Albuquerque, NM, Mar 14-16, 2013, PA091, pp. 471-477.Xu, C., Peak, D., and Prybutok, V.R., “Why Would Someone Recommend a Smartphone App? An Examination of Mobile Application Preferences,” Paper & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Albuquerque, NM, Mar 14-16, 2013, PA093, pp. 541-544.Han, B., Windsor, J., and Prybutok, V.R., “A Stepwise PLS Procedure for Theory Comparison: A Case Study of the User’s Social Network Sites Continuance Intention Research,” Abstract & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Albuquerque, NM, Mar 14-16, 2013, PA094, pp. 831-832.Gadgil, G., Prybutok, V.R., and Peak, D., “Factors Affecting Students Online Behavior on Social Networking Sites,” Paper & Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Albuquerque, NM, Mar 14-16, 2013, PA096, pp. 891-899.Qin, H., Prybutok, V.R., and Prybutok, G., “Comparison of Quantitative Measurement of Service Quality,” Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute, San Francisco, CA, Nov 17-12, 2012, DM-14-1.Boonme, K, Hanus, B., and Prybutok, V.R., “How Visual Information Affects Consumer Choices in Fast-Food Restaurants,” Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute, San Francisco, CA, Nov 17-12, 2012, DM-21-3.Robertson, R.L., Prybutok, V.R., and Oppong, J., “Healthcare Management: Veteran’s Usage Intention and Continued Medical Services,” Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute, San Francisco, CA, Nov 17-12, 2012, HM-10-4.Boakye, K., Wen, C., and Prybutok, V.R., “Teaching with Technology: Online Resources as a Pedagogical Aid in Teaching a Graduate Course in Quality Control,” Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute, San Francisco, CA, Nov 17-12, 2012, IE-10-2.Prybutok, V.R. and Kulkarni, S., “Using Technology to Enhance Learning in Undergraduate Statistics,” Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute, San Francisco, CA, Nov 17-12, 2012, IE-10-4.Xu, C., Peak, D., and Prybutok, V.R., “Do not throw ugly products online – Examining the effect of product aesthetics on consumers’ online shopping experiences,” Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute, San Francisco, CA, Nov 17-12, 2012, IT-18-2.Ponnaiyan, S., Wen, C., and Prybutok, V.R., “Impact of Service and Food Quality on Customer Behavioral Intentions at Ethnic Fast Food Restaurants in the USA,” Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, New Orleans, LA, Feb 29 – Mar 3, 2012, AB141.Han, B., Wen, C., and Prybutok, V.R., “The Effect of the TPL Supplier’s Information Service Quality on the Online Shopper’s Perception of Supply Chain Performance: Evidence from an Exploratory Study,” Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, New Orleans, LA, Feb 29 – Mar 3, 2012, PP 151-152, AB138.Peak, D. and Prybutok, V.R., “Information as a Reference Discipline for Visual Design,” Presentation and Refereed Research Paper in the Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, New Orleans, LA, Feb 29 – Mar 3, 2012, PA137.Boakye, K.G. and Prybutok, V.R., “The Mediating Effect of Investment in Commitment Level Prediction,” Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, New Orleans, LA, Feb 29 – Mar 3, 2012, AB122.Wen, C., Meernik, J., and Prybutok, V.R., “Graduate Student Retention Modeling in a Large Public University,” Presentation and Abstract in the Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, New Orleans, LA, Feb 29 – Mar 3, 2012, AB112.Han, B., and Prybutok, V.R., “Effect of Instant Messaging Based Trust Building Systems,” Refereed Research Paper in the Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, Boston, MA, Nov 19-22, 2011, pp 1201-1206.Boakye, K.G., Kwon, J., Blankson, C. and Prybutok, V.R., “Toward an Application of the Investment Model: Review and Initial Findings,” Presentation and Refereed Research Paper in the Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, Boston, MA, Nov 19-22, 2011, pp 2911-2916.Wen, C., Fang, J., and Prybutok, V.R., “The Effect of a Collaborative Supply Chain Strategy on Service Quality and Supply Chain Performance: A Theoretical Study,” Presentation and Refereed Research Paper in the Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, Boston, MA, Nov 19-22, 2011, pp 3101-3106.Ramakrishnan, T., and Prybutok, V.R., “The Moderating Effect of Gender on College Website Impression,” Presentation and Refereed Research Paper in the Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, Boston, MA, Nov 19-22, 2011, pp 3731-3736.Xu, C., Ryan, S. D., Prybutok, V.R., and Wen, C., “The Gratifications of SNSs Usage Pattern: Affection, Coordination, Disclosure, Entertainment/Relaxation, Escape, Information Seeking, Immediate Access, and Stylishness,” Presentation and Refereed Research Paper in the Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, Boston, MA, Nov 19-22, 2011, pp 4121-4126.Magro, M., McGinnis, T.C., and Prybutok, V.R., “Exploring the Link Between Student Knowledge of ERP and Desire to Seek ERP Coursework,” Presentation and Refereed Research Paper in the Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, Boston, MA, Nov 19-22, 2011, pp 2971-2976.Senn, W.D., Clark, A., and Prybutok, V.R., “Survey of Student Satisfaction Using Noel-Levitz Student Satisfaction Inventory,” Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute, Boston, MA, Nov 19-22, 2011.Qin, H., and Prybutok, V.R., “Empirical Analysis of Health Care Quality in the urgent care industry,” Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute, Boston, MA, Nov 19-22, 2011.Han, B., Kittipong, B., and Prybutok, V., “What Is Behind the Tipping Point Mechanism?” AMCIS 2011 : 17th Americas Conference on Information Systems 2011, Detroit, Michigan, August 4 - August 8, 2011, Paper 196.Kittipong, B., Han, B., and Prybutok, V. R., “An Investigation on the Buyer’s Decision Making on Group purchasing Sites from a Social Inference Perspective,” Refereed Research Paper in the Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Houston, TX, Mar 9-12, 2011, pp 621-629.Han, B., and Prybutok, V. R., “Effects of an IMBDSS on Buyer’s Decision Making in Uncertain Markets,” Refereed Research Paper in the Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Houston, TX, Mar 9-12, 2011, pp 421-429.Prybutok, V. R., Peak, D., Wen, C., Harden, G., Beayeyz, A.A., Gibson, M., and Ryan, C., “Relationships among Fast Food Choices, Individual Characteristics, and Marketing Visual Cues,” Refereed Research Paper in the Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Houston, TX, Mar 9-12, 2011, pp 421-429.Boakye, K.G., and Prybutok, V. R., “Customer Satisfaction with Internet-Enabled Mobile Phones and Intention of Continued Usages,” Presented at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Houston, TX, Mar 9-12, 2011.Wen, C., and Prybutok, V. R., “An Investigation of Main Mechanisms of Supply Chain Collaboration Affecting Supply Chain Performance,” Presented at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Houston, TX, Mar 9-12, 2011.Ramakrishnan, T., Hossain, M., and Prybutok, V. R., “Modeling the Impact of College’s Website on the Individual’s Impression of the College,” Refereed Research Paper in the Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Houston, TX, Mar 9-12, 2011, pp 101-108.Peak, D., and Prybutok, V. R., “Using the Gartner Hype Model to Characterize Technology Adoption in Statistics Courses,” Presented at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Houston, TX, Mar 9-12, 2011.Prybutok, V.R., Peak, D., Wen, C., Harden, G., Beayeyz, A.A., Gibson, M., and Ryan C., “Relationships among Fast Food Choices, Individual Characteristics, and Marketing / Visual Cues,” Poster Presentation at the Cancer Prevention and Research Institute of Texas Foundation – Innovations in Cancer Prevention and Research Conference, Austin TX, November 17-19, 2010.Prybutok, V.R., Peak, D., Wen, C., Harden, G., Beayeyz, A.A., Gibson, M., and Ryan C., “Relationships among Nutrition Knowledge, Nutrition Labels, Health Indicator Icons, and Consumers’ Fast Food Choices,” Poster Presentation at the Cancer Prevention and Research Institute of Texas Foundation – Innovations in Cancer Prevention and Research Conference, Austin TX, November 17-19, 2010.Peak, D., Prybutok, V.R., Wen, C., Harden, G., Beayeyz, A.A., Gibson, M., and Ryan C., “Identification of the Research Issues in Visual Systems Design that Impact Healthcare Computer User Interfaces,” Poster Presentation at the Cancer Prevention and Research Institute of Texas Foundation – Innovations in Cancer Prevention and Research Conference, Austin TX, November 17-19, 2010.Wen, C. and Prybutok, V.R., “Impact of Online Shopping Enjoyment and Satisfaction on Online Repurchase Intention,” Presentation and Refereed Research Paper in the Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, San Diego CA, November 20-23, 2010.Ponnaiyan, S. and Prybutok, V.R., “Service Quality of Ethnic Fast Food Restaurants in the US,” Presentation and Refereed Research Paper in the Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, San Diego CA, November 20-23, 2010.Kulkarni, S and Prybutok, V.R., “Infusing Multicultural and Diversity Issues into an Undergraduate Statistics Course,” Presented in an Interactive Session at the Decision Sciences Institute, San Diego CA, November 20-23, 2010.Magro, M., Prybutok, V.R., and Ryan S.D. “Issues in Study Design: The Impact of Passive and Active Administration and Extra Credit on Electronic Survey Response,” Presentation and Refereed Research Paper in the Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, San Diego CA, November 20-23, 2010.Burton, P., Wu, Y., Harden, G. and Prybutok, V.R., “Social Network Position Measured by Constraint and Centrality: Performance Effect on IT Professionals,” Presentation of Refereed Research Paper in Featured Session and in the Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, San Diego CA, November 20-23, 2010.Dake, J. and Prybutok, V.R., “Employing Technology to Create Enhanced Learning & Experience in Undergraduate Honors Statistics,” Presented in an Interactive Session at the Decision Sciences Institute, San Diego CA, November 20-23, 2010.Prybutok, V.R. and Qin, H., “Using Technology to Enhance Learning in Undergraduate Business Calculus,” Presented in Interactive Session at the Decision Sciences Institute, San Diego CA, November 20-23, 2010.Peak, D. and Prybutok, V.R., “Teaching a Course that Bridges the Gap Between IT Professionals and Visual Communication Designers,” Presented in an Interactive Session at the Decision Sciences Institute, San Diego CA, November 20-23, 2010.Kulkarni, S and Prybutok, V.R., “Leveraging Technology to bring Multicultural and Diversity Issues into the Classroom,” Engaging Students: The Process and Product of Effective Active Learning, Oct. 8, 2010, poster presentation at University of Texas at Arlington.Peak, D, Gibson, M., and Prybutok, V. R., “Why Aesthetics and the Visual Design Discipline are Ignored by IT Web Research,” Presented at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Dallas, TX, Mar 4-5, 2010.Qin, H., and Prybutok, V. R., “Effects of Service Quality and Recoverability on Customer Satisfaction,” Presented at the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, Dallas, TX, Mar 4-5, 2010.Hossain, M. M., Prybutok, V.R., and Evangelopoulos, N.E., “Examination of the MBNQA 2008 Framework Using Causal Latent Semantic Analysis,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, November 2009, pp 3913-3936.Landrum, H.,  Prybutok, V.R., Zhang, X., and Peak, D., “Exploring the Importance Scale in Information Service Quality” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, November 2009, pp 1261-1266.Prybutok, V.R. as part of panel, “Performance Excellence Research: The Monfort Initiative,” Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute, Submission 684, November 2009.Qin, H., and Prybutok, V.R., “Service Quality in the Urgent Care Industry,” Research Abstract and Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute, Submission 621, November 2009.Prybutok, V.R., Kulkarni, S., and Dake, J. “Using Technology to Create Experiential Activities and Enhance Learning and in Undergraduate Statistics,” Research Abstract and Presentation at the Decision Sciences Institute, Submission 395, November 2009.Prybutok, V.R., and Kulkarni, S., “Experiential Learning and Laboratory Exercises to Enhance Engagement and Performance in Undergraduate Statistics,” Engaging Students: The Process and Product of Effective Active Learning, Sept. 11, 2009, poster presentation at University of Texas Arlington.Hossain, M. M., and Prybutok, V.R., “Integration of the Business Performance Management Framework and the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award Framework to Address Enhanced Competitiveness,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, November 2008.Prybutok, V.R., and Dake, J., “Using Technology to Enhance Learning in Undergraduate Statistics,” Decision Sciences Institute, November 2008, presentation (submission #251).O’Neill, L., Kulkarni, S., Qin, H. and Prybutok, V.R., “Impact of Specialty Hospitals on Hospital Markets: Evidence from Texas,” Decision Sciences Institute, November 2008, presentation (submission #251).Zhang, X., Ryan, S., Prybutok, V.R., and Sharp, J., “A Leadership Knowledge Management Model for E-Government: A Preliminary Empirical Test,” Proceedings of the Fourteenth Americas Conference on Information Systems, Toronto, ON, Canada August, 2008.Qin, H., Knipper, M., Hossain, M., and Prybutok, V.R., “Determinants Of Customer-Perceived Service Quality In Fast-Food Restaurants (FFRs),” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, November 2007, pp 1171 - 1176.Hossain, M., Abdullah, A.B.M., Prybutok, V.R., and Qin, H., “Profiling Online Shoppers Based on Their Brain Hemisphericity for Generating Personalized Electronic Catalogs,” Decision Sciences Institute, November 2007, presentation (submission #438).Choi, Y., Prybutok, V.R., and Koh, C.E., “Quality Determinants of Fast Food Restaurants and Their Relationship with Customer Satisfaction and Retention,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, November 2007, presentation (submission #172).Thomas, P., Koh, C., and Prybutok, V.R., “A Model of Information Systems Success and Technology Acceptance within a Government Organization,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, pp 30431-30436, November 2006.Thomas, P., Koh, C., and Prybutok, V.R., “Occupation Differences in the Acceptance and Use Of Technology,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, pp 30511-30516, November 2006.Landrum, H., Prybutok, V.R., and Zhang, X., “Users’ Perception of Relative Importance of SERVPERF,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, pp 25511-25516, November 2006.Ryan, S., Prybutok, V.R., and Zhang, X., “Job Satisfaction and Turnover among IT Professionals: A Cognitive Dissonance Approach,” Proceedings of the Twelfth Americas Conference on Information Systems, Acapulco, Mexico, pp 3672-3679, August, 2006. Assefa, S., and Prybutok, V.R., “Towards a comprehensive model to predict perceived performance impact of wireless/mobile computing in a mandatory environment,” Proceedings of the Twelfth Americas Conference on Information Systems, Acapulco, Mexico, pp 2663-2672, August, 2006.Koh, C., Nam, K., Prybutok, V.R., and, Lee , S. “A Comparison of U.S. and South Korean Internet Practices and Their Impact on Business Strategies,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, pp 17102 - 17106, November 2005.Landrum, H., Prybutok, V.R., and Zhang, X., “Service Quality: Comparing Magal’s Instrument with SERVPERF,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, pp 17851 – 17856, November 2005.Chong, H., and Prybutok, V.R., “IS-MBNQA: A New Information Systems Framework,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, pp 7761-7766, November 2004.Chang, K. E., Prybutok, V.R., and Zhang, L., “Measuring E Government Barriers,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, pp 721-726, November 2004. Sanchez, A., Prybutok, V.R., and Kappelman, L.A., “The Role of Organizational Leadership and IT Leadership in Achieving IS Success,” Proceedings of the 10th Americas Conference on Information Systems, New York, New York, pp 3642-3652, August 2004.Zhang, X., Prybutok, V.R., and Koh, C., “Impulsiveness and Online Purchasing Behavior,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, November 2003.Chong, H., and Prybutok, V.R., “Validity Test on the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award Framework,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, pp 2372-2376, November 2002.Zhang, X., and Prybutok, V.R., “Development of a Survey to Validate A Model of Internet Consume Behavior,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, pp 1131-1136, November 2002.  Koh, C., and Prybutok, V.R., “E-Government Readiness: A Research Framework and an Action Research Case of  a Municipal Government,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, pp 1168-1173, November 2002.  Kulkarni, S., and Prybutok, V.R., “Analysis of Loss Functions in the Context of Process Investment,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, pp 559+, November 2001. Chong, H., and Prybutok, V.R., “Information Systems Quality Assessment,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, pp 1251+, November 2001. Kulkarni, S., Prybutok, V.R., and Jayakumar, M.D., “Productivity & Optimal Costs of Quality: An Exploratory Framework and Optimization Model,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute 6th International Conference, July 8-11, 2001. Landrum, H., and Prybutok, V.R., “Measuring Service Quality and Success in the Information Service Industry,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, pp 1360-1362, November 2000. Prybutok, V.R., Richards, R.M., and Cutshall, R., “A Leadership Model Based on Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award Criteria,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, (Topic Table), pp 1325, November 2000. Kulkarni, S. and Prybutok, V.R., “Process Investments and Loss Functions: Models and Analysis,” presented at the annual meeting of the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences, San Antonio, TX, November 2000.  Chong, H., White, R.E., and Prybutok, V.R., “A Study of the Relationship between Organizational Support and JIT Implementation in U.S. Production Systems,” Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, pp 54-65, March 2000. Spalding, J.B., Spence, M.J., and Prybutok, V.R., “Co-ordination of Statistics Instruction in Large Classes with Multiple Sections,” Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, (Topic Table), pp 86, March 2000. Vedder, R.G., VanDyke, T.P., and Prybutok, V.R., “An Expert System that Was,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute 5th International Conference, pp 62 - 64, July 4-7, 1999. Clayton, H.R., Chong, H., and Prybutok, V.R., “Issues in Assessment of Learning and Attitudes in Undergraduate Statistics,” Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, pp 278 - 280, November 1998. Prybutok, V.R. and Huff, R.A., “Results of A Large-Sample Quality Survey at Lockheed Martin Tactical Aircraft Systems: Comparability with Continuous Quality Improvement Models,”  Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, (Topic Table), pp 1753, November 1998.Huff, R.A., and Prybutok, V.R., “Expert / Novice Differences in IS Project Management Decision Making,” Proceedings of the Americas Conference on Information Systems, pp 384 – 386, August November 1998.Yi, J., Prybutok, V.R., and Clayton, H.R., "Comparison of ARL Between Neural Network and x-bar Control Chart for Averages Under Nonnormality," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, pp 1650 - 1652, November 1997.Prybutok, V.R. and Spink, A., "Transforming a Healthcare Information Management System," Proceedings of SHIMR 97 : Third International Symposium on Health Information Management Research, Sheffield England, pp 1-10, June 18-19, 1997.Baker, G., Prybutok, V.R., Cohen, J., Beck, L., Getty, R. L., Huff, R.A., and Kappelman, L.A., "Development of a Quality Survey: A Case Study at Lockheed Martin Tactical Aircraft Systems," Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region - Irwin Distinguished Paper Award, pp 102-104, March 1997.Mehta, S.S.,Prybutok, V.R. and Zales, C., "Using Nonrational Distractors in Multiple Choice Exams: An Experimental Study," Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, pp 16-18, March 1997.Yi, J., and Prybutok, V.R., "Comparison Between Neural Network and Least Square Regression Models with a Focus on Variable Selection and Structural Specification," Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, pp 40-42, March 1997Myers, B.L., Kappelman, L.A., and Prybutok, V.R., "A Case for Including Work Group Productivity Measures in A Comprehensive IS Assessment Model," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, pp 756-758, November 1996.Nam, K., Yi, J., and Prybutok, V.R., "A Comparison of Neural Networks and Quantitative Forecasting Techniques with Time Series Data that Contains Seasonal Variation," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, pp 1155-1157, November 1996.Huff, R.A., Prybutok, V.R., Kappelman, L.A., Cohen, J., and Beck, L. "Results of A Large-Sample Quality Survey Within a Large Aerospace Firm," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, (Topic Table), pp 1665, November 1996.Yi, J., and Prybutok, V.R., "Application of the Back Propagation Neural Network Algorithm to the Design of Control Charts for Averages Under Nonnormality," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, pp 1682-1684, November 1996.Myers, B.L., Prybutok, V.R., and Guynes, C.S., "Neural Network Models in Data Quality Applications," presented at the annual meeting of the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences, Washington, D.C., Spring 1996.Maples, G., Richards, R.M., Prybutok, V.R., and Kappelman, L.A., "IT’s Role in Empowerment and Organizational Decision-Making: An Empirical Investigation," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, pp 96-98, March 1996.Yi, J.,Mitchell, D., and Prybutok, V.R., "Comparison of Neural Network Models with Conventional Statistical Models for Prediction of Houston’s Daily Maximum Ozone Levels," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, pp 57-59, March 1996.Huff, R.A., Huang, A., Peak, D.A., and Prybutok, V.R., "Differences Between Perceived Dimensions and Actual Factor Loadings in the Development of a Quality Survey: A Case Study in a Large Aerospace Company," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, pp 13-15, March 1996.Yi, J., and Prybutok, V.R., "A Neural Network Model For Forecasting Daily Maximum Ozone Levles," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, pp 157-159, March 1996.Myers, B.L., Prybutok, V.R., and Guynes, C.S., "Neural Network Use In Monitoring and Controlling Data Quality," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, pp 154-156, March 1996.Yi, J., and Prybutok, V.R., "Comparison of Neural Networks with Traditional Forecasting Techniques for Prediction of Daily Maximum Ozone Concentration in a Highly Industrialized Urban Area," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, pp 1022-1024, November 1995.von Dran, G.M., and Prybutok, V.R., "Interpretive Styles of Employees and Transformational Leadership," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, (Topic Table), pp 368, November 1995.Prybutok, V.R., Peak, D., and Huang, A., "Constructing A Quality Survey Questionnaire: Experiences and Insights in a Unionized Environment," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, (Topic Table), pp 1654, November 1995.Nam, Kyungdoo, and Prybutok, V.R., "Application of Neural Networks to Statistical Production / Inventory Forecasting," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, pp 89-91, March 1-4, 1995.Nam, Kyungdoo, and Prybutok, V.R., "Using Neural Networks as an Alternative to Univariate Linear Regression Models in the Presence of an Outlier," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, pp 83-85, March 1-4, 1995.Harvey, M.M. and Prybutok, V.R., "The Effect of Pre-Set Vs. Calculated Control Limits on the Shewhart X-Bar Control Chart in the Presence of Positively Autocorrelated Data," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, Vol. 3, pp 2139-2141, November 1994.Nam, Kyungdoo, Sanford, Clive, and Prybutok, V.R., "Analysis of Training Time, Learning Rate, and Momentum in Developing a Backpropagation Neural Network for Discriminant Analysis," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, (Topic Table), Vol. 2, pp 1363, November 1994.Nam, Kyungdoo, and Prybutok, V.R., "Using Neural Networks as an Alternative to Linear Regression in the Presence of an Outlier: A Simulation Study," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, (Topic Table),Vol. 2, pp 1363, November 1994.Prybutok, V. R., Bajgier, S. M., and Turney, A. A., "Detection of Heteroscedasticity Using Graphical Procedures," presented at the annual Joint Statistical Meetings of the American Statistical Association, Toronto, Canada, August 13-18, 1994.Sanford, Clive and Prybutok, V.R., "An Application of Backpropagation Neural Networks to Shewhart X-Bar Control Charts," Proceedings of the Twenty-Third Annual Meeting of the Western Decision Sciences, pp 655-657, March 29 - April 2, 1994.Nam, Kyungdoo, Yi, Jun Sub and Prybutok, V.R., "Application of Neural Networks to Time Series Forecasting Techniques in the Presence of Autocorrelation," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, pp 69-72, March 2-5, 1994.Prybutok, V. R., and Nam, Kyungdoo, "Comparison of Neural Network and Regression Analysis for Quality Applications," presented at the American Statistical Association - Winter Conference, Atlanta, Georgia, Jan. 6-9, 1994.Nam, Kyungdoo, and Prybutok, V.R., "Comparison of Neural Network and Discriminant Analysis in the Two Group Problem with an Outlier in the Data," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, Vol. 2, pp 1196-1198, November 1993.Nam, Kyungdoo, and Prybutok, V.R., "Comparison of Neural Network and OLS Regression in QC Applications," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, Vol. 3, pp 1822-1824, November 1993.Nam, Kyungdoo, Prybutok, V.R., and Watts, W.A., "Comparison of Neural Network and Linear Regression Analysis in the Presence of an Outlier," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, Southwest Region, Vol. 2, pp 1138-1140, November 1993.Nam, Kyungdoo, and Prybutok, V.R., "Examination of the Uniqueness of the Neural Network Solution in Two Group Discriminant Analysis," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, (topic table), Vol. 2, pp 1137, November 1993.Popelka, M., and Prybutok, V.R., "Computational Technologies for Teaching Undergraduate Statistical Quality Control," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, (topic table) Vol. 1, p 296, November 1993.Nam, Kyungdoo, and Prybutok, V.R., "A Performance Analysis of Neural Network and Statistical Discriminant Approaches to the Three-Group Problem," Proceedings of the Northeast Decision Sciences Institute, pp 367-369, April 1993.Nam, Kyungdoo and Prybutok, V.R., "Comparison of Neural Networks and Discriminant Analysis in the Two Group Case with Three Input Variables, Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, pp 41-43, March 5-7, 1993.Harvey, M.M. and Prybutok, V.R., "The Effect of Sampling Interval on the Performance of the Shewhart X-Bar Chart when a Process Produces Positively Autocorrelated Data," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute Southwest Region, pp 93-95, March 5-7, 1993.Nam, Kyungdoo and Prybutok, V.R., "A Comparison of a Neural Network Approach to Linear and Quadratic Discriminant Analysis in the Two Group Problem," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, Vol. 2, pp 1033-1035, November 1992.Prybutok, V.R. and Harvey, M.M., "Multiple Choice Questions as a Pedagogical Aid in Statistics Instruction," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, (topic table) Vol. 1, pp 300, November 1992.Harvey, M.M. and Prybutok, V.R., "Statistical Quality Control Examples Enhance the Presentation of Basic Statistical Methodologies," American Statistical Association, Proceedings of the Section on Quality and Productivity, August 1992.Harvey, M.M. and Prybutok, V.R., "Incorporating Statistical Quality Control Into An Introductory Undergraduate Statistics Course," presented at the Seventh Annual Conference on Making Statistics More Effective in Schools of Business, Knoxville, Tennessee, June 25-27, 1992.Bajgier, S. M., Prybutok, V. R., and Maragah, H., "Using Microcomputer Graphics as a Pedagogical Aid to the Understanding of Discriminant Analysis Concepts," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, Vol. 1, pp 437-439, November 1991.Prybutok, V. R., and Bajgier, S. M., "Suggestion of the Methodology for a First Step in Developing Sampling Strategies for Hazardous Materials Identification Within Superfund Sites," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, (topic table) Vol. 2, pp 1033, November 1991.Maragah, H., Bajgier, S. M., and Prybutok, V. R., "A Review of Exponentially Weighted Moving Average Schemes with Emphasis on Control Chart Design," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute,(topic table) Vol. 2, pp 1032, November 1991.Prybutok, V. R., Bajgier, S. M., and Maragah, H.,"Making Topics, Courses and Programs on Quality and Productivity a Reality," American Statistical Association, Proceedings of the Section on Quality and Productivity, pp 19-22, August 1991.Bajgier, S. M., Maragah, H., Prybutok, V. R., Saccucci, M. S., and Verzilli, A., "Teaching Introductory Business Statistics Through the Use of A City Neighborhood As A `Living Laboratory'," American Statistical Association, Proceedings of the Section on Statistical Education, pp 100-105, August 1991.Prybutok, V. R., Bajgier, S. M., and Atkinson, M., "Using Interactive Microcomputer Graphics to Enhance the Presentation of Statistical Concepts," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, Vol. 1, pp 616-618, November 1990.Prybutok, V. R., Maragah, H., and Donnelly, P. P., "An Attribute Sampling Plan with Competing Economic Constraints: A Case Study," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, Vol. 1, pp 175, November 1990.Gold, L. M., Prybutok, V. R., Persh, R., Corder, P., Daniali, S. and Tosirisuk, P., "Investigation of High Confidence Design and Testing Criteria for Composite Constructs," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, Vol. 1, pp 145-147, November 1990.Bajgier, S. M., Maragah, H., Prybutok, V. R., Saccucci, M. S., and Verzilli, A., "The Use of a City Neighborhood as a "Living Laboratory" for the Application of Interdisciplinary Problem Solving Techniques," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, Vol. 1, pp 653-655, November 1990.Prybutok, V. R., Maragah, H., and Donnelly, P.P., "The Special Role of Sampling in a Global Environment," Presented at the Annual Meeting of the Operations Research Society of America/The Institute for Management Science. Philadelphia, PA, Oct 1990.Prybutok, V. R., and Guzek, R.S., "Integrating Quality and Productivity," Presented at the Annual Meeting of the Operations Research Society of America/The Institute for Management Science. Philadelphia, PA, Oct 1990.Verzilli, A., Bajgier, S. M., Maragah, H., Prybutok, V. R., and Saccucci, M. S., "Using a City Neighborhood as a Laboratory for an Interdisciplinary Problem Solving Course," Presented at the Annual Meeting of the Operations Research Society of America/The Institute for Management Science. Philadelphia, PA Oct 1990.Bajgier, S. M., Prybutok, V. R., and Saccucci, M.S., "The Ability To Detect Heteroscedasticity Using Standard Graphical Procedures," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, Vol. 2, pp 1119-1121, November 1989.Prybutok, V. R. and Gold, L. M., "Sensitivity Analysis for Power Industry Leukemia Incidence Risk,"Presented at the 1987 Joint Statistical Meetings, American Statistical Association, Section on Physical and Engineering Sciences. San Francisco, California, August 1987.Prybutok, V. R. and Gold, L. M., "Leukemia Incidence Risk Comparison Between United States Nuclear and Coal Power Industries of the Eighties," Presented at the Annual Meeting of the Operations Research Society of America/The Institute for Management Science. New Orleans, LA, May 1987.Atkinson, M., Bajgier, S. M., and Prybutok, V. R., "Using Microcomputer Graphics and Visual Fits of Simple Regression Models as a Pedagogical Tool for Regression," An invited paper in the Proceedings of Computer Science and Statistics: 19th Symposium on the Interface, pp 308-313, March 1987.Atkinson, M., Bajgier, S. M., and Prybutok, V. R., "Using Microcomputer Graphics to Investigate the Properties of Visual Fits of Simple Regression Models," Proceedings of the Decision Sciences Institute, Vol. 2, pp 877-879, November 1986.Gold, L. M., Lapato, J., and Prybutok, V. R., "The Mechanics and Experimental Determination of Energy Partitioning for Silica Impact on Copper," Proceedings of the Army Symposium on Solid Mechanics, 1986-Lightening of the Force, U.S. Army Materials Technology Laboratory, Watertown, MA , no. 02172-0001, pp 423-433, 1986.Saniga, E. and Prybutok, V. R., "Sampling Strategies in a Near Zero Defect Environment," American Statistical Association, Proceedings of the Business and Economic Statistics Section, pp 465-466, August 1986.Prybutok, V. R., and Gold, L. M., "Modeling for Comparison of Leukemia Incidence Risk Between Nuclear and Coal Power Industries," Presented at the Second Symposium on Analytic Techniques for Energy, Natural Resources and Environmental Planning of the Operations Research Society of America Special Interest Group on Energy, Natural Resources and the Environment. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, April 1986.Prybutok, V. R., "Equations for Comparison of Leukemia Incidence Risk Between Nuclear and Coal Power Industries," Presented at the Annual Meeting of the Operations Research Society of America/The Institute for Management Science. Los Angeles, California, April 1986.Gold, L. M. and Prybutok, V. R., "Energy Partitioning of Silica Impact on Stainless Steel," [Drexel University College of Business Working Papers, WP 86-4, May 1986] Presented at the Annual Meeting of the Operations Research Society of America/The Institute for Management Science. Los Angeles, California, April 1986.Prybutok, V. R., "Leukemia Incidence Risk Comparison Between Nuclear and Coal Power Industries," Invited talk at Jefferson Medical College, Department of Radiation Biology, Oct. 1985.Internal Reports and ProjectsGold, L. M., Prybutok, V. R., Persh, R., Corder, P., Daniali, S. and Tosirisuk, P., "Investigation of High Confidence Design and Testing Criteria for Composite Constructs and Degradation of High Temperature Glass Epoxy Due to Thermal Pulse," A Final Report for the Naval Surface Warfare Center, Contract no. N60921-87-D-A315, Task B097, Fall 1991. Prybutok, V. R., "Report to the Pennsylvania Health Care Cost Containment Council: A Review of Documentation on House Bill 2288 (Mammographic Screening Benefits)," The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania funded this Mandated Benefits Review Panel work for the Pennsylvania Health Care Cost Containment Council, September 1988.Prybutok, V. R., "Report to the Pennsylvania Health Care Cost Containment Council: A Review of Documentation on House Bill 364 (Mental Health Benefits)," The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania funded this Mandated Benefits Review Panel work for the Pennsylvania Health Care Cost Containment Council, September 1987.Prybutok, V. R. and Silver, C. A., "Comparison of Leukemia Incidence Risk Between Nuclear and Coal Power Plants," Drexel University, College of Business Working Papers, April 1985.Zink, D. L., Dever, F. P., and Prybutok V. R., "A Medium for the Isolation of Pseudomonas Tolassii: A Pathogen of Cultivated Mushrooms," Corporate project, Campbell Soup Company, Campbell Institute for Research and Technology, 1985.Prybutok, V. R., "Evaluation of Present Sampling Techniques for USDA and FDA Controlled Products," Corporate project, Campbell Soup Company, Campbell Institute for Research and Technology, 1985.Dahle, L. and Prybutok, V. R., "Comparison of Coatings for Fried Chicken Based on Microwave Properties," Corporate project, Campbell Soup Company, Campbell Institute for Research and Technology, 1985.Dahle, L. and Prybutok, V. R., "Comparison of Flours Based on the Characteristics of Crumb Extensibility for Quality After Microwave Versus Ambient Theory," Corporate project, Campbell Soup Company, Campbell Institute for Research and Technology, 1985.Zink, D.L. and Prybutok, V. R., "Cup Sterilization for Plastic Container," Corporate report, Campbell Soup Company, Campbell Institute for Research and Technology, 1985.Speck, R.V., Brusco, V.W., Isola, J.L., and Prybutok, V. R." Study of Barrier Thickness, and Shelf Life of Plastic Container," Corporate project, Campbell Soup Company, Campbell Institute for Research and Technology, 1985.Prybutok, V. R., "Evaluation of Garnish Distribution in Prego Plus," Campbell Soup Company, Corporate project, Campbell Institute for Research and Technology, 1984.Dougherty, C., Prybutok, V. R., and Jackson, B., "Examination of Analytical Measurements on Label Values for Two Products at Three Temperatures Taken Over a Storage Period of One Year," Corporate project, Campbell Soup Company, Campbell Institute for Research and Technology, 1984.Dahle,L. and Prybutok, V. R., "Flour Functionality in Thickening Systems," Corporate project, Campbell Soup Company, Campbell Institute for Research and Technology, 1984.Journal Submissions and Work in ProgressPhillips, B.K., Peak, D., and Prybutok, V.R., “The role of Data Visualization to support business intelligence decision making as measured by task performance,” being prepared for submission to MIS Quarterly.Phillips, B.K., Peak, D., and Prybutok, V.R., “A Data Visualization Task Performance Model,” submitted to Information and Management.Phillips, B.K., Peak, D., and Prybutok, V.R., “Toward a Theoretical Model of Social Media Information Sharing,” submitted to Decision Sciences.Visinescu L. and Prybutok V. “On Latent Means Measurement Invariance in Partial Least Squares studies” being prepared for submission to the Psychological Bulletin or Educational and Psychological Measurement.Randall, W.S., Obaze, Y., Prybutok, V.R., and Gravier, M.J., “The Role of Relational Connectedness with respect to Trust, Commitment, Satisfaction and Future Intention,” being prepared for journal submission.Qin, H., Boakye, K.G., Blankson, C., & Prybutok, V.R., “Urgent care in the US vs Ghana” targeted for Service SciencesBoakye, K.G., & Prybutok, V.R., “Using the Fishbone Diagram to Clarify SQ Theory” Lit review and theory article IEEE Eng Mng or JQTBoakye, K.G., Prybutok, V. and Blankson, C. “Why customers commit to and maintain relationships with firms’ offerings” prepared for submission to International Journal of Operations and Production Management.Boakye, K.G., Prybutok, V. and Blankson, C. “Toward an integrated model of quality in the services industry: A Ghanaian Illustration” prepared for submission to Thunderbird International Business Review.Boakye, K.G., Randall, W. and Prybutok, V. “Service operations in donor-recipient relationships” targeted for Production and Operations Management.Boakye, K.G., Prybutok, V., Tarakci, H. and Kulkarni, S. “HLS makes everything better!” targeted for Computer and Human Behavior.Boakye, K.G., & Prybutok, V.R., “Big Q includes sustainability” working on conceptual paper.     Magro, M., Ryan, S. and Prybutok, V.R., “Focus Group Studies on Facebook Users' Attitude, Satisfaction, and Continuance Intention,” targeting European Journal of Information Systems.  Magro, M., and Prybutok, V.R., “Green Computing Initiative; Environmental vs. Convenience vs. Costs,” work in progress for conference and journal                                 Magro, M., Ryan, S. and Prybutok, V.R., “Social Capital in Social Networking Applications” redoing study with intended target of Information Systems Research       Magro, M., Prybutok, V.R., and Ryan, S., Award Studies (Baldrige, etc.) for IT impact, targeting CACM.     Xu, C., Peak, D., and Prybutok, V.R., “Determinants of explorative mobile app behaviors,” accepted for 2013 DSI, being revised for journal submission.      Xu, C., Peak, D., and Prybutok, V.R., “How colors contribute to email marketing? An integrated perspective,” being prepared for JMISXu, C., Peak, D., and Prybutok, V.R., “Differences between survey and measured responses to visual stimuli,” in progress       Xu, C., Peak, D., and Prybutok, V.R., “Decision Maker Characteristics and their effects on Task,” in progress             Xu, C., Peak, D., and Prybutok, V.R., “Aesthetics and IT,” being prepared for MISQ Issues and OpinionsXu, C., Peak, D., Prybutok, V.R., Vosvick, M., “Aesthetic theory in IT from a psychological perspective,” in progressXu, C., Peak, D., and Prybutok, V.R., “Visual aided decision making” being prepared for submission to MIS QuarterlyPrybutok, G., Prybutok, V., et al., “Binge Drinking,” research in progress with a team of undergraduatesTran, H., Pourreza, S., Kochan, C. and Prybutok, V.R., “Homebuyers’ Life Cycle Cost and Affordability Consideration versus Purchase Regret” being prepared for journal submission.Tran, H., Kochan, C., Pickett, D., Pourreza, S., and Prybutok, V.R., “Homebuyers’ Life Cycle Cost and Affordability Consideration versus Purchase Regret” being prepared for journal submission.Junhyuk Kwon and Victor R. Prybutok, “The Effect of Value Co-Creation on Customer Satisfaction in Routine Healthcare Management” Target journal: Service ScienceJunhyuk Kwon and Victor R. Prybutok, “Big quality, Value Co-creation, and Customer Satisfaction with Services” Target journal: Decision ScienceJunhyuk Kwon and Victor R. Prybutok, “Value Co-creation and Customer Satisfaction in Airline Service” Target journal: Quality Management JournalScott, R., George, B. and Prybutok, V.R., “eWOM Public Transportation Decision-Making Variables” being prepared for journal submission.Scott, R., Sauser, B. and Prybutok, V.R., “Causal Loop Model of Public Transportation Decision-Making Factors” being prepared for journal submission.Scott, R., George, B. and Prybutok, V.R., “The Role of Supply Chain in Healthcare: A Unique View of Humanitarian Logistics (aka tobacco),” being prepared for journal submission.Scott, R., and Prybutok, V.R., “Scheduling and Delivery Logistics of Bio-Perishable Goods: A Review of Literature and Research Options,” being prepared for journal submission.Scott, R., Rosales, A. and Prybutok, V.R., “Examining the Trade-Offs between Driving and Public Transportation to a Metropolitan Area: An Exploratory Study,” being prepared for journal submission.Peng, X., George, B., and Prybutok .V.R., “Reflective vs Formative Measurements in Operations Management Research Using Partial Least Squares” targeted to International Journal of Production Research.Peng, X., and Prybutok .V.R., “Comparison of MBNQA, European Award, and Deming Award, and Examination of the role of supply chain” targeted to International Journal of Production Research.Peng, X., Cao Y., and Prybutok, V.R., “Quality management practices from MBNQA research articles” targeted to Journal of Operations Management.Peng, X., Cao Y., and Prybutok, V.R., “Quality Award Winning: Performance impacts and contextual drivers of success” targeted to Journal of Operations Management.Peng, X., Meng, K., and Prybutok, V.R., “Design projects about Quality management and innovation” targeted to Journal of Operations Management.Research Proposals in ProgressWork in progress - Pursuing numerous research grants.  Current work focuses on the relationship between individual behavior and technology as measured using survey instruments and experimental performance metrics. Consistent with the application of quality and productivity improvement is the assessment of performance Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center 1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas 76203-5459 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2383 Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 