  cep   centerfo l Center for Environmental Philosophy  cep   centerfo l Center for Environmental Philosophy  cep   centerfo l Center for Environmental Philosophy  cep   centerfo l Center for Environmental Philosophy  cep   centerfo l Center for Environmental Philosophy  cep   centerfo l Center for Environmental Philosophy  cep   centerfo l Center for Environmental Philosophy  cep   centerfo l Center for Environmental Philosophy  cep   centerfo l Center for Environmental Philosophy  cep   centerfo l Center for Environmental Philosophy  Center for Environmental Philosophy        HISTORY OF CENTER The Center for Environmental Philosophy was created by the board of directors of Environmental Philosophy, Inc., a nonprofit corporation of the State of New Mexico. It is the product of a number of activities begun with the creation of the journal Environmental Ethics. The journal was founded in 1978 by Eugene C. Hargrove at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque. The first issue was published in January 1979. In September 1980 a nonprofit organization, Environmental Philosophy, Inc., was created to be the owner of the journal. It is a 501(c)3 tax-exempt organization created for educational, scientific, and literary purposes. The journal moved to the University of Georgia in fall 1981. The Center for Environmental Philosophy was established in 1989 by Environmental Philosophy, Inc. as a center for its various activities in publishing, research, and education. The center moved to the University of North Texas in 1990 and was given the status of an affiliated organization in 1991 by the UNT Council of Deans. The center moved to its current location in the newly built Environmental Education, Science, and Technology Building in April 1998 (pictured above) together with the Institute of Applied Sciences, the Department of Philosophy and Religion Studies, the Department of Geography, and the Elm Fork Education Center. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS EUGENE C. HARGROVE (President), hargrove@unt.edu J. BAIRD CALLICOTT (Vice President), callicott@unt.edu JAN DICKSON (Secretary/Treasurer), jdickson@unt.edu HOLMES ROLSTON, III (Member), rolston@lamar.colostate.edu RICARDO ROZZI (Member) , rozzi@unt.edu PRIMARY ACTIVITIES The primary activities of the center are currently: the publishing of the journal Environmental Ethics the reprinting of important books through its book series Environmental Ethics Books training and the promotion of research in environmental ethics through workshops and conferences. and the promotion of graduate education in the field of environmental ethics as well as postdoctoral research and professional development in cooperation with the Department of Philosophy and Religion Studies at the University of North Texas.   TERRY TEHAN, Assistant Director To contact the center, write to: Center for Environmental Philosophy University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle, #310980 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Mailing Address: 1155 Union Circle #310980, Denton, TX 76203-5017 Tel.: 940-565-2727 Fax: 940-565-4439 E-Mail: cep@unt.edu ALEXANDRIA K. POOLE, Associate Director CEP - August 30, 2015 