 nonlinearscience   Home Center for Nonlinear Science nonlinearscience   Home Center for Nonlinear Science nonlinearscience   Home Center for Nonlinear Science nonlinearscience   Home Center for Nonlinear Science nonlinearscience   Home Center for Nonlinear Science nonlinearscience   Home Center for Nonlinear Science nonlinearscience   Home Center for Nonlinear Science nonlinearscience   Home Center for Nonlinear Science nonlinearscience   Home Center for Nonlinear Science nonlinearscience   Home Center for Nonlinear Science  Home | Center for Nonlinear Science Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Center for Nonlinear Science User login UNT EUID: * Password: * Content Home Grigolini GroupCollective Motion Criticality in Neural Networks Fractional Dynamics Nonequilibrium Response Theory Social Group Dynamics Publications Rostovtsev Group Krokhin Group People Acknowledgements Home The Center for Nonlinear Science is an interdisciplinary research group led by faculty members of the Physics Department.  Current research directions at the center include quantum coherence and interference, dynamical chaos, electronic and optical properties of solids, complex systems, and nonequilibrium statistical physics.         History: The Center for Nonlinear Science was founded in 1993 by Dr. Bruce J. West.  Dr. Grigolini and Dr. Roberts joined the center in 1993.  In 2004 Dr. Krokhin joined, and Dr. Rostovtsev in 2009.  Since its foundation, the Center for Nonlinear Science has become the base of an active and growing international collaboration. External funding sources include the Army Research Office, Welch Foundation, and the Department of Energy.       Contact Us: Center for Nonlinear Science 1155 Union Circle, #311427 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: (940) 565-3294 https://nonlinearscience.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. ajs0259@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 30, 2016 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 