 ias   research outreach water Research Outreach Institute of Applied Science ias   research outreach water Research Outreach Institute of Applied Science ias   research outreach water Research Outreach Institute of Applied Science ias   research outreach water Research Outreach Institute of Applied Science ias   research outreach water Research Outreach Institute of Applied Science ias   research outreach water Research Outreach Institute of Applied Science ias   research outreach water Research Outreach Institute of Applied Science ias   research outreach water Research Outreach Institute of Applied Science ias   research outreach water Research Outreach Institute of Applied Science ias   research outreach water Research Outreach Institute of Applied Science  Research & Outreach | Institute of Applied Science Skip to main content MyUNT Blackboard Find People at UNT View Maps of UNT Give to UNT Apply online College of Science Institute of Applied Science HomeAERIResearch & OutreachAirClimate ChangeEcosystems and ConservationHealthLand, Waste and CleanupOutreachPharmaceuticals and PesticidesScience EducationWaterGraduate ProgramPeopleScientistsStaffParticipating DepartmentsResourcesVehicle Reservations Home Research & Outreach Water Research & Outreach Research & Outreach Air Climate Change Ecosystems and Conservation Health Land, Waste and Cleanup Outreach Pharmaceuticals and Pesticides Science Education Water Research & Outreach Aquatic Ecology Our research includes both basic and applied ecology projects and focuses on five areas: stream ecology, aquatic insect biology, biodiversity studies, the use of microinvertebrates in the ecological risk assessment process and environmental education. This research is conducted in a diverse range of aquatic ecosystems that include springs, wetlands,streams, rivers and impoundments. The laboratory has hosted workshops, and routinely provides support to the UNT Elm Fork Education Program, and the Lake Lewisville Education Learning Area (LLELA) Center for Remote Sensing The Center for Remote Sensing was established in 1988 as a means of utilizing the rapidly evolving technology of satellite imaging to contribute to the scientific knowledge of environmental resources, ecosystems, and human communities. The Center trains specialists in the theory and techniques of remote sensing, and provides scientific advice to local, regional, national, and international communities, thereby supporting the University's mission of teaching, research, and service. Dr. Sam Atkinson as been the Director since it's incept. Center for Watershed and Reservoir Assessment and Management The mission of the Center for Watershed and Reservoir Assessment and Management (CWRAM) is to conduct problem-solving research addressing water/land issues, to be an information resource on best management practices for addressing watershed and reservoir problems, and to provide educational programs about water and reservoir assessment and management. Computational Epidemiology Research Lab At the Computational Epidemiology Research lab (CERL), faculty and students from inner-disciplinary domains work together to develop new scientific methods that enhance the comprehension of intricate interplay between disease and population. The Center of Computational Epidemiology and Response Analysis can be found at http://cecera.unt.edu/ Ecological Risk Assessment and the Experimental Stream Primary research interests include contaminant effects on freshwater aquatic communities. Specifically, understanding linkages among fisheries and benthic population dynamics and how these are influenced by anthropogenic perturbations are studied by examining how chemical pollutants are distributed through biological communities and how they affect community structure and function. Environmental Chemistry Researchers in the Environmental Chemistry Laboratory study the analytical chemistry and fate of contamination in the environment. The lab has state-of-the-art chromatography and spectroscopy instrumentation for measurement of organic and inorganic contaminants. Laboratory personnel examine physical and chemical processes that control the distribution of chemicals in air, soil, and water Environmental Modeling Lab The Environmental Modeling Laboratory develops and uses mathmatical models and computer simulations for the assessment of impacts of natural and anthropogenic stressors on environmental and ecological systems. Research interests span the local, landscape, regional, and global scales. Lewisville Aquatic Ecosystem Research Facility (LAERF) A Corp of Engineers facility that supports studies on biology, ecology, and managment of aquatic plants, LAERF provides an intermediate scale research environment to bridge the gap between small scale laboratory studies and large-scale field tests. In addition to 53 earthen and 21 lined ponds, LAERF utilizes 18 flowing water raceways, 3 large outdoor mesocosm facilities, a research greenhouse, and several laboratories to conduct research activities. Thinking about UNT? It's easy to apply online. Join us and discover why we're the choice of over 37,000 students. Apply now Contact Us 940-565-2694 shelby.kinsall@unt.edu Visit Us 1704 W. Mulberry Room 215 --- Denton, TX 76201 Send Us Mail 1155 Union Circle#310559 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Fax: 940-565-4297 Follow Us Facebook College of Science View departments Get advising University of North Texas Explore our degrees Take a tour Get financial aid Apply online Find a person Register for classes Follow UNT on social media Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Statement Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline Governors Committee on People with Disabilities Texas Veterans Portal UNT Home 