    cedr Assessing the economy creating innovative solutions Economics Research Group    cedr Assessing the economy creating innovative solutions Economics Research Group    cedr Assessing the economy creating innovative solutions Economics Research Group    cedr Assessing the economy creating innovative solutions Economics Research Group    cedr Assessing the economy creating innovative solutions Economics Research Group    cedr Assessing the economy creating innovative solutions Economics Research Group    cedr Assessing the economy creating innovative solutions Economics Research Group    cedr Assessing the economy creating innovative solutions Economics Research Group    cedr Assessing the economy creating innovative solutions Economics Research Group    cedr Assessing the economy creating innovative solutions Economics Research Group  Assessing the economy, creating innovative solutions | Economics Research Group Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About Us Our Staff Events Current Projects Contact Us Search form Search Economics Research Group MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Economics Research Group Main menu Home About Us Our Staff Events Current Projects Contact Us "Economic success depends on a firm’s ability to continually reinvent itself through a steady process of innovation. Knowledge exchange is the seed of innovation and global economic advantage now depends on it. In today’s economy, the road to economic accumulation is through innovation. In short, the U.S. knowledge economy has become an innovation economy." — MICHAEL C. CARROLL, PH.D. Assessing the economy, creating innovative solutions The University of North Texas is home to one of the country’s leading economics research groups. By providing support to communities and industry, the Economics Research Group (ERG) is leading the study of the innovation economy, defining the dynamics of this economy and analyzing it to provide understanding and actionable data. ERG conducts in-depth research, solving tough economic issues leading to new ideas and solutions facing society. Examples include water costs and impacts, efficiencies associated with the movement of goods, infrastructure development and integration assessment, and bio-based industry growth. Committed to the creation and application of world-class economic strategies, ERG is working with global partners to assess the economy and transform data and trends into innovative, actionable solutions. Areas of Expertise: Innovation Economy Social Network Theory Embedded Economy Creative Economy Economic Impact Studies Economic Development Strategies ERG is led by internationally recognized economist, Dr. Michael C. Carroll, Ph.D. ERG includes a team versed in regional, national and international economics and market dynamics, industry and market trends, and social dynamics and impacts. Visit Us Wooten Hall Room 367 Mail Us Economics Research Group 1155 Union Circle #310469 Denton TX 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-4049 economicsresearch@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on March 21, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on March 21, 2017 | Important Links 