 cks   Home Center for Knowledge Solutions cks   Home Center for Knowledge Solutions cks   Home Center for Knowledge Solutions cks   Home Center for Knowledge Solutions cks   Home Center for Knowledge Solutions cks   Home Center for Knowledge Solutions cks   Home Center for Knowledge Solutions cks   Home Center for Knowledge Solutions cks   Home Center for Knowledge Solutions cks   Home Center for Knowledge Solutions  Home | Center for Knowledge Solutions Skip to main content HomeAboutMission StatementFundingFinancial SupportAccomplishmentsOrganizational ChartContact UsPeoplePublicationsLinks Search form Search Home The Center for Knowledge Solutions empowers scholars and scholar-practitioners to make evidence-based decisions that optimize learning and performance systems to improve organizational knowledge. The uniqueness of the center is learning and performance across disciplines and professions.  Our mission is to generate, integrate, and disseminate knowledge solutions through learning and performance innovation for business and education. The center enables constituents and funding agencies to implement knowledge solutions for improving their organizational systems. Affiliate members include: Texas State Technical College, Purdue University, Texas A&M, Penn State University, Auburn University, Denton ISD Advanced Technology Center, University of California at Long Beach, Raytheon, Brinker International, 7-Eleven, Children’s Hospital, and Lockhead Martin. In the Spotlight: Learning and Performance Quarterly (LPQ) "... a student-led, blind peer-review journal.   LPQ is an open-access publication designed to make research available to the public and to support a greater exchange of global knowledge."     Contact Information   Email Site   UNT System Department of Learning Technologies 3940 N. Elm, Suite G150/G172 Denton, TX 76207 P - (940) 565-2057 F - (940) 565-4194 For questions about content on this site or technical issues contact: lt-cte@unt.edu Or use the Contact Form UNT SystemUNT Dallas CampusUNT Health Science Center Universities Center at Dallas © 2011-2017 Center for Knowledge Solutions,  Last Updated: Mon, 1/30/2017 - 1:10 PM Disclaimer     AA/EOE/ADA     Privacy Statement     Web Accesibility Policy     State of Texas Online     Site Account X UNT Username (EUID) or UNT e-mail address * You may login with either your assigned UNT username or your UNT e-mail address. UNT Password * The password field is case sensitive. Request new password 