    cpm Center for Public Management    cpm Center for Public Management    cpm Center for Public Management    cpm Center for Public Management    cpm Center for Public Management    cpm Center for Public Management    cpm Center for Public Management    cpm Center for Public Management    cpm Center for Public Management    cpm Center for Public Management  Center for Public Management Skip to Navigation Center for Public Management Welcome to the Center for Public Management 2015 PFIA Legislative Changes Established in 1992 as the professional development arm of the Department of Public Administration, the mission of the Center for Public Management (CPM) is to promote excellence and efficiency in public and nonprofit organizations. To this end, four goals have guided CPM since its inception: 1. Establish and maintain relationships with agencies in local, state, and federal government that would benefit from CPM’s technical and training assistance. 2. Establish and maintain cooperative relationships with professional associations that serve managers in public and nonprofit organizations. 3. Establish and maintain cooperative relationships with other UNT centers and institutes that share an interest in serving public and nonprofit organizations. 4. Provide research and training opportunities to UNT faculty and graduate students. The programs and services offered by CPM directly support UNT’s mission to assume a primary leadership role in addressing community needs of the region and the state. CPM contributes to UNT's effort to cultivate partnerships with educational institutions at all levels, government agencies, businesses, and nonprofit organizations to improve the quality of education and serve as a source for lifelong learning and professional education. Search this site: UNT Home HPS Home PADM Home Search Public Funds Investment Act Training RegistrationPolicy & Procedures Schedule & Registration Cancel a Registration Transfer a Registration Replacement Certificate Update Your Contact Information Training Video About Us Contact Us Our W-9 Our Trainers PFIA Reqirements Training Requirements Our Curriculum Our Presentations Other Resources Computer Security Awareness Training Government Treasurers' Organization of Texas (GTOT) Certified Government Finance Officer (CGFO) Other Links of Interest Sample Documents 2015 PFIA Legislative Changes PFIA Compliance Guide 2011 PFIA Legislative Changes Excel Controls Investment Policies Investment Advisory Services RFP Broker/Dealer Questionnaire Broker/Dealer Certification Letter UNT policies: Open Records | Feedback | Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy| Emergency Preparedness Information State of Texas information: State of Texas Online | Statewide search | Hot Careers in Texas | Texas Homeland Security | State link policy Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board Public Universities' Academic Data and Performance Reports Site last updated on May 8th 2017 : For questions regarding content, contact the webmaster at CPMworkshops@unt.edu. 