 aeri   Protecting natural resources Advanced Environmental Research Institute aeri   Protecting natural resources Advanced Environmental Research Institute aeri   Protecting natural resources Advanced Environmental Research Institute aeri   Protecting natural resources Advanced Environmental Research Institute aeri   Protecting natural resources Advanced Environmental Research Institute aeri   Protecting natural resources Advanced Environmental Research Institute aeri   Protecting natural resources Advanced Environmental Research Institute aeri   Protecting natural resources Advanced Environmental Research Institute aeri   Protecting natural resources Advanced Environmental Research Institute aeri   Protecting natural resources Advanced Environmental Research Institute  Protecting natural resources | Advanced Environmental Research Institute Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About Us IAS LLELA Lab Research News Advisory Board Contact Us Search form Search Advanced Environmental Research Institute MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Advanced Environmental Research Institute Main menu Home About Us IAS LLELA Lab Research News Advisory Board Contact Us Finding solutions for our most pressing environmental issues Protecting natural resources The Advanced Environmental Research Institute (AERI) at the University of North Texas has been established as an Institute of Research Excellence. This is in recognition of the university’s strong and growing environmental and water research program. The institute will support the university on its path toward national prominence. The institute touts a multidisciplinary team of researchers committed to collaborating on large research projects with an emphasis on application of research findings to the solutions of our most pressing environmental issues. AERI is founded on UNT’s strong legacy of addressing environmental issues, which began with the eminent scientist, Dr. J.K.G. “Doc” Silvey who began water research at UNT by examining the differences in tap water. For nearly 80 years, a team of researchers has been investigating the complex nature of the natural world and how people’s actions influence it. THE MISSION OF AERI is to foster, facilitate and conduct science-based interdisciplinary environmental research that provides an understanding of how human actions impact the environment, and then use that knowledge to suggest scientific, engineering, policy and/or educational solutions to actual environmental problems Areas of Expertise: Air Quality Water Quality Economics Water Resource Management Toxicology Climate Change Land Use Health Remote Sensing Ecosystems and Conservation The AERI is directed is led by environmental scientist Dr. Samuel F. Atkinson. Visit Us Environmental Education, Science & Technology Bldg 1704 W. Mulberry Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us Advanced Environmental Research Institute 1155 Union Circle #310559 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-369-5555 AERI@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on April 28, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on April 28, 2017 | Important Links 