 president   president smatresk bio President Smatresk Bio Office of the President president   president smatresk bio President Smatresk Bio Office of the President president   president smatresk bio President Smatresk Bio Office of the President president   president smatresk bio President Smatresk Bio Office of the President president   president smatresk bio President Smatresk Bio Office of the President president   president smatresk bio President Smatresk Bio Office of the President president   president smatresk bio President Smatresk Bio Office of the President president   president smatresk bio President Smatresk Bio Office of the President president   president smatresk bio President Smatresk Bio Office of the President president   president smatresk bio President Smatresk Bio Office of the President  President Smatresk Bio | Office of the President Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Meet President Smatresk» Meet President Smatresk Read President Smatresk's full bio Contact President Smatresk Download an official headshot of President Smatresk Initiatives & Priorities» Initiatives & Priorities Top-Tier Research University Talon Team Planning Implementation Speeches & Communications University Resources President's Cabinet Contact President Smatresk Search form Search the UNT web site: Office of the President MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of the President Office of the President Main menu Home Meet President SmatreskRead President Smatresk's full bio Contact President Smatresk Download an official headshot of President Smatresk Initiatives & Priorities Speeches & Communications University Resources President's Cabinet Contact President Smatresk President Smatresk Bio 16th president of the University of North Texas, one of the nation's largest universities President Neal J. Smatresk became UNT’s 16th president in February 2014, marking his second university presidency. As a leader with nearly 35 years of experience in higher education, President Smatresk steers universities to national prominence by providing a high-quality affordable education, expanding research and innovation, and building strong community partnerships. President Smatresk is focused on helping UNT fulfill its mission to provide the best education in Texas and to transform students — particularly first-generation college students — into the leaders of tomorrow. Since being established in 1890, UNT has supported industry and the state by providing an educated workforce and contributing to the state’s economic vitality and intellectual capital. About UNT Located in one of the nation’s largest, fastest-growing metropolitan areas, UNT is home to nearly 38,000 students and more than 220 degree programs. Founded in 1890, the university is now one of the nation’s largest public research universities and generates an economic impact of $1.65 billion in Dallas-Fort Worth annually. UNT also is one of the state’s Top 5 universities for the number of degrees awarded annually, with more than 8,500 degrees awarded in 2015-16. As a university with a global reach, UNT serves 2,500 international students representing 130 countries. UNT’s global alumni network has 393,000 members.  UNT is ranked among the nation’s 115 top-tier research universities, according to the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education™. UNT is continually named as one of America’s 100 Best College Buys®, a ranking based on having a high-achieving freshman class and affordable tuition. The Princeton Review continually names UNT as a Best in the West college. Forbes continually lists UNT on its America’s Top College list UNT has 62 academic programs ranked among the nation’s Top 100, including 17 rankings in U.S. News & Report’s Top 100. UNT’s distinguished faculty includes internationally recognized researchers, scholars and artists include: One member of the National Academy of Sciences One member of the National Academy of Engineering Two members of the National Academy of Inventors 13 NSF CAREER Award recipients 2016 Texas State Artist Grammy, Emmy and Pulitzer Prize winners and nominees A Division I school, UNT raised its athletic profile when the Mean Green became the Heart of Dallas Bowl football champions during the team’s inaugural season in Conference USA in 2013-14. UNT Athletics has 16 NCAA Division I teams competing in Conference USA, including football, basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, softball, swimming and diving, tennis, track and field, and volleyball. The Mean Green have earned 123 conference championships and four national championships. Professional Background Before joining UNT, President Smatresk led the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, as president for five years and provost for two years. Under his direction, UNLV: Completed a $537 million fundraising campaign that included creating UNLV’s largest active scholarship program. Established an Academic Success Center to help students graduate on time. Opened Brookings Mountain West in partnership with the prestigious Brookings Institution. Gained approval for a medical school. Prior to UNLV, President Smatresk was vice chancellor for academic affairs and deputy to the chancellor at the University of Hawaii at Manoa from 2004 to 2007. During his tenure, Manoa: Entered the ranks of the top 25 federally funded institutions. Gained three National Academy of Sciences members. Received recognition from the Chinese Ministry of Education as a Confucius Institute. President Smatresk started his academic career at the University of Texas at Arlington and spent 22 years there, serving as: Dean of Science, 1998-2004 Chair of the Department of Biology, 1994-1998 Professor of Biology, 1982-2004 Research Background A biologist and researcher by training, President Smatresk has devoted much of his career to supporting K-20 science outreach programs and STEM development. As a biologist, he concentrated his research on gaining a better understanding of how the respiratory neurobiology of vertebrates changed in the evolutionary transition from water to air breathing. His research has garnered substantial grant support and has resulted in more than 50 papers and book chapters, and grants from the National Science Foundation and National Institutes of Health. President Smatresk also has received a number of teaching awards. His undergraduate alma mater, Gettysburg College, awarded him a Distinguished Alumni of the Year Award in 2011. Academic Background B.A., Biology, Gettysburg College, 1973 M.A., Biology, State University of New York at Buffalo, 1978 Ph.D., Zoology, University of Texas at Austin, Port Aransas Marine Laboratory, 1980 Postdoctoral Trainee, University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine, 1980-1982 Memberships North Texas Commission Board, 2014-present Dallas Regional Chamber, 2014-present Fort Worth Chamber of Commerce, 2014-present Denton Chamber of Commerce, 2014-present Frisco Chamber of Commerce, 2015-present Denton Economic Development Partnership Board, 2014-present KERA Board of Directors, 2016-present   Meet President Smatresk Read President Smatresk's full bio Contact President Smatresk Download an official headshot of President Smatresk Follow @UNTPrez UNT Insider President's News Roundup Learn more about UNT Partner with UNT University Awards Give nowUNT's Impact Report Visit Us Office of the President Hurley Administration Building Room 201 [map] Mail Us Office of the President University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311425 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2108 president@unt.edu   Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 