 president   initiatives priorities Initiatives Priorities Office of the President president   initiatives priorities Initiatives Priorities Office of the President president   initiatives priorities Initiatives Priorities Office of the President president   initiatives priorities Initiatives Priorities Office of the President president   initiatives priorities Initiatives Priorities Office of the President president   initiatives priorities Initiatives Priorities Office of the President president   initiatives priorities Initiatives Priorities Office of the President president   initiatives priorities Initiatives Priorities Office of the President president   initiatives priorities Initiatives Priorities Office of the President president   initiatives priorities Initiatives Priorities Office of the President  Initiatives & Priorities | Office of the President Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Meet President Smatresk» Meet President Smatresk Read President Smatresk's full bio Contact President Smatresk Download an official headshot of President Smatresk Initiatives & Priorities» Initiatives & Priorities Top-Tier Research University Talon Team Planning Implementation Speeches & Communications University Resources President's Cabinet Contact President Smatresk Search form Search the UNT web site: Office of the President MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of the President Office of the President Main menu Home Meet President Smatresk Initiatives & PrioritiesTop-Tier Research University Planning Implementation Talon Team Speeches & Communications University Resources President's Cabinet Contact President Smatresk Initiatives & PrioritiesAs a place where science and art converge, UNT has a creative culture that fuels technology, innovation and progress and will help UNT claim our place among the nation’s top universities. President Smatresk is focused on making UNT a nationally prominent research university that gives students the best educational experience in the state and that transforms them into leaders in a global marketplace.   President Smatresk’s Priorities Planning Implementation At the annual State of the University, President Smatresk reviews UNT's accomplishments and priorities for the coming academic year. He also established the Talon Team, a process improvement group dedicated to identifying and addressing problematic functions and processes at the university, division or department level. The university is in the process of creating a new mission statement that reflects its purpose and values. Submit your ideas by March 3.   The Road to National Prominence President Smatresk and UNT’s leaders from the Office Research and Innovation are developing a vision and master plan for how UNT will advance as a nationally prominent research university.   UNT's New College at Frisco Launched in January 2016, UNT's New College at Frisco offers classes and degree programs that span many disciplines, combined in innovative ways to provide a career-focused education. The New College represents a new way of thinking, a new way of doing business and a new kind of education.   Student Success To give students a great education and the foundation for a lifetime of success, President Smatresk is creating initiatives such as the Eagle Express Tuition Plan, which encourages students to graduate in four years and helps them save up to $4,000 if they do. Launched in Fall 2014, the plan helps students go farther, faster. And through the university initiative, Succeed at UNT, students have access to tips and resources to stay on track and finish on time.   Faculty Success At UNT, faculty excellence comes from having distinguished faculty whose research, scholarship and creativity push the boundaries of knowledge and discovery. Students benefit from being at an institution with leading scholars, innovative research and state-of-the-art equipment because they learn in an environment that is rich in opportunities.   Staff Appreciation UNT staff members are the backbone of the university, providing essential support to students, faculty, administration and each other. They are vital to the success of students and the university.   Job Evaluation and Grading Project for Staff To attract and retain talented employees and provide for their professional development and career growth, UNT, in partnership with UNT System Human Resources, is reviewing job titles and descriptions in a yearlong project to ensure the university has fair and consistent procedures to determine job duties, job titles and competitive salaries   President’s Council Donor Society The President’s Council at UNT was established in the early 1970s, coinciding with the inauguration of UNT President C.C. Nolen (1971-1979). This society includes generous donors who have given $25,000 to $99,999 to UNT. Initiatives & Priorities Top-Tier Research University Planning Implementation Talon Team Follow @UNTPrez UNT Insider President's News Roundup Learn more about UNT Partner with UNT University Awards Give nowUNT's Impact Report Visit Us Office of the President Hurley Administration Building Room 201 [map] Mail Us Office of the President University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311425 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2108 president@unt.edu   Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 