 president   learn more about  Learn more about  Office of the President president   learn more about  Learn more about  Office of the President president   learn more about  Learn more about  Office of the President president   learn more about  Learn more about  Office of the President president   learn more about  Learn more about  Office of the President president   learn more about  Learn more about  Office of the President president   learn more about  Learn more about  Office of the President president   learn more about  Learn more about  Office of the President president   learn more about  Learn more about  Office of the President president   learn more about  Learn more about  Office of the President  Learn more about UNT | Office of the President Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Meet President Smatresk» Meet President Smatresk Read President Smatresk's full bio Contact President Smatresk Download an official headshot of President Smatresk Initiatives & Priorities» Initiatives & Priorities Top-Tier Research University Talon Team Planning Implementation Speeches & Communications University Resources President's Cabinet Contact President Smatresk Search form Search the UNT web site: Office of the President MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of the President Office of the President Main menu Home Meet President Smatresk Initiatives & Priorities Speeches & Communications University Resources President's Cabinet Contact President Smatresk Learn more about UNT Since our founding in 1890, UNT has been the place where today’s learners become tomorrow’s leaders. Here, the genius of creativity fuels the power of innovation. UNT is the engine of progress for one of the most dynamic, fastest-growing regions in the nation and 36,000 students, who graduate ready to compete with anyone, anywhere.  Best Of UNT is full of bright, talented students and distinguished faculty pushing the boundaries of knowledge and creativity. Learn what makes UNT a first-choice institution at All About UNT. Academics UNT is the largest, most comprehensive university in the Dallas-Fort Worth area with more than 200 degree programs. Learn more about academic programs and resources at UNT.   Research UNT is a growing public research university focused on reaching the top tier. Learn more about innovative research at UNT.   Diversity With ethnic minority students making up almost half of the UNT’s student body, UNT is one of the nation’s most diverse universities. Find out about diversity initiatives at UNT.    Athletics In 2014, the Mean Green football team won the Heart of Dallas Bowl in its first season in Conference USA, ending the first 100 years of football at UNT on a high note. With a Division I athletics program, dedicated student-athletes, 16 athletics teams and outstanding facilities that include a first-of-its-kind green stadium, UNT is building a world-class athletics program.  Community Engagement Serving and supporting the community is the UNT way. Through partnerships, volunteerism and outreach, UNT faculty, staff and alumni are supporting the communities in which they live and expanding UNT’s impact in the world.  Follow @UNTPrez UNT Insider President's News Roundup Learn more about UNT Partner with UNT University Awards Give nowUNT's Impact Report Visit Us Office of the President Hurley Administration Building Room 201 [map] Mail Us Office of the President University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311425 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2108 president@unt.edu   Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 