 president   partner  Partner with  Office of the President president   partner  Partner with  Office of the President president   partner  Partner with  Office of the President president   partner  Partner with  Office of the President president   partner  Partner with  Office of the President president   partner  Partner with  Office of the President president   partner  Partner with  Office of the President president   partner  Partner with  Office of the President president   partner  Partner with  Office of the President president   partner  Partner with  Office of the President  Partner with UNT | Office of the President Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Meet President Smatresk» Meet President Smatresk Read President Smatresk's full bio Contact President Smatresk Download an official headshot of President Smatresk Initiatives & Priorities» Initiatives & Priorities Top-Tier Research University Talon Team Planning Implementation Speeches & Communications University Resources President's Cabinet Contact President Smatresk Search form Search the UNT web site: Office of the President MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of the President Office of the President Main menu Home Meet President Smatresk Initiatives & Priorities Speeches & Communications University Resources President's Cabinet Contact President Smatresk Partner with UNT There are many ways to partner with UNT. From research collaborations to technology transfer opportunities to partnerships, UNT has valuable resources and the expertise you need. Research and Technology Partnerships Partnering with UNT is an opportunity to work with faculty researchers who are creating innovative technologies, from energy efficient buildings and sustainable bioproducts to health and medical advances to agricultural improvements and more. Learn more about faculty research. Want to partner with UNT? Learn more about technology transfer and economic development opportunities. Learn more about UNT’s centers and institutes engaged in research, training and public service. Gifts and Involvement Want to support UNT? Learn more about ways to give. Want to share your time and talents with UNT? Learn more about how to get involved.  Alumni Network With more than 361,000 alumni members, most of whom live in the DFW area, UNT’s alumni network is strong and growing. Learn more about how the UNT Alumni Association is helping alumni to stay connected to UNT and each other. Community Engagement UNT partners with organizations and individuals for research, academics, lectures, internships, events, volunteer opportunities and more. Learn more about UNT community-oriented collaborations. Follow @UNTPrez UNT Insider President's News Roundup Learn more about UNT Partner with UNT University Awards Give nowUNT's Impact Report Visit Us Office of the President Hurley Administration Building Room 201 [map] Mail Us Office of the President University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311425 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2108 president@unt.edu   Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 