s news   news releases us news and world report lists  online cation program among best nation U S News and World Report lists  online cation program among best in the nation News s news   news releases us news and world report lists  online cation program among best nation U S News and World Report lists  online cation program among best in the nation News s news   news releases us news and world report lists  online cation program among best nation U S News and World Report lists  online cation program among best in the nation News s news   news releases us news and world report lists  online cation program among best nation U S News and World Report lists  online cation program among best in the nation News s news   news releases us news and world report lists  online cation program among best nation U S News and World Report lists  online cation program among best in the nation News s news   news releases us news and world report lists  online cation program among best nation U S News and World Report lists  online cation program among best in the nation News s news   news releases us news and world report lists  online cation program among best nation U S News and World Report lists  online cation program among best in the nation News s news   news releases us news and world report lists  online cation program among best nation U S News and World Report lists  online cation program among best in the nation News s news   news releases us news and world report lists  online cation program among best nation U S News and World Report lists  online cation program among best in the nation News s news   news releases us news and world report lists  online cation program among best nation U S News and World Report lists  online cation program among best in the nation News   U.S. News and World Report lists UNT online education program among best in the nation | News| University of North Texas Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT News News by TopicArts & Music Business Education Engineering General News Humanities Public Service Research Science Social Science TAMS Image Gallery Video Gallery Our Experts Contact Us Send your stories U.S. News and World Report lists UNT online education program among best in the nation Wednesday, January 11, 2017 - 10:16 Submitted by Amy Armstrong on Wed, 01/11/2017 - 11:22am Category: Education General News Graduate School DENTON (UNT) Texas—U.S News and World Report has named the University of North Texas College of Education online graduate education program one of the best in the nation. UNT was ranked No.16 out of 275 schools listed. The program rose from a No.124 ranking last year. “This is exciting news! Our faculty has always been committed to providing quality programs that meet the needs of students across the nation, state and North Texas area,” said Bertina Combes, interim dean of the College of Education. “Our program allows people to attain advanced degrees, while still living and working in their communities.” The UNT College of Education offers seven online master’s-level programs in addition to online certificate programs in educational psychology and teacher education and administration. Some are accelerated programs that allow students to graduate with both a bachelor’s and a master’s in five years. The online educational psychology master’s degrees offer concentrations in autism intervention, educational diagnostician, gifted and talented, and research and evaluation. In teacher education and administration, concentrations include curriculum and instruction, educational leadership and teaching. For this year’s list, UNT was ranked in five general categories—student engagement, student services and technology, admissions selectivity, faculty credentials, and training and peer reputation. For more information about the Educational Psychology program, contact, Karen Goss at 940-369-8048 or Karen.goss@unt.edu. For more information about the Teacher Education and Administration program, contact Marilyn Deuble at Marilyn.deuble@unt.edu or 940-565-2942. Other USNWR rankings for UNT this year include: No. 33 – Master’s degree in Criminal Justice (graduate) No.  55 – Master of Business Administration degree No.  68 – Bachelor’s online programs UNT News Service Phone Number: (940) 565-2108 Contact: (940) 565-4835 Email: Amy.Armstrong@unt.edu Follow us Visit Us University Service Building 2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2000 news_service@unt.edu Site last updated on May 9, 2017 Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home 