 impact   driving economic growth Driving Economic Growth  Impact Report impact   driving economic growth Driving Economic Growth  Impact Report impact   driving economic growth Driving Economic Growth  Impact Report impact   driving economic growth Driving Economic Growth  Impact Report impact   driving economic growth Driving Economic Growth  Impact Report impact   driving economic growth Driving Economic Growth  Impact Report impact   driving economic growth Driving Economic Growth  Impact Report impact   driving economic growth Driving Economic Growth  Impact Report impact   driving economic growth Driving Economic Growth  Impact Report impact   driving economic growth Driving Economic Growth  Impact Report  Driving Economic Growth | UNT Impact Report Skip to main content UNT Impact Report Menu Call us Contact Us UNT Map HomeDriving Economic GrowthPreparing Leaders of TomorrowLeading Research & InnovationBuilding a Stronger CommunityDesigning The FutureAbout this ReportMyUNTBlackboardEagleConnectUniversity DirectoryUNT MapJobs at UNT UNT Impact Report MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT UNT Impact Report Home Driving Economic Growth Preparing Leaders of Tomorrow Leading Research & Innovation Building a Stronger Community Designing The Future About this Report MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT HomeDriving Economic GrowthPreparing Leaders of TomorrowLeading Research & InnovationBuilding a Stronger CommunityDesigning The FutureAbout this Report Driving Economic Growth Boosting economic activity in the North Texas region by $1.65 billion annually, UNT has been a driving force in the region's growth and progress since the university's founding in 1890. Driving Economic Growth The University of North Texas is situated in heart of the Dallas Fort-Worth area, one of the nation’s largest and fastest-growing metro areas and one of the world’s largest economies. More than 40 Fortune 1000 companies are headquartered in DFW — from No. 2 Exxon Mobile to No. 12 AT&T. DFW thrives on big business and an entrepreneurial spirit that is attracting more investment and attention every day. Along with that entrepreneurial spirit, the Dallas-Fort Worth area has a thriving population. More than seven million people call the area home, making it one of the largest metropolitan areas in the country with 12 counties, 135 municipalities — 13 of which have a population of more than 100,000 people — and more than 3.5 million people working in the area. UNT supports and drives the growth and programs of the communities and businesses in the North Texas region through its nearly 38,000 students, 10,000 faculty and staff and 263,000 alumni living in the area. As a catalyst for creativity, innovation and entrepreneurship, UNT is paving the way for an evolving economy through education and employment.   In this section, you will find: UNT’s Annual Direct Economic Impact Economic Impact Spending Impact Tax Revenue Impact Job Impact UNT’s Capital Spending Impact UNT’s Annual Direct Economic Impact With more than 10,000 full- and part-time employees, UNT is Denton County’s largest employer and one of the largest universities in DFW. The university's students and employees live, work and recreate in the region — generating revenue for businesses and municipalities while supporting jobs in the DFW economy. Financially speaking, when UNT’s expenditures on education and research are combined with spending by its 38,000 students, 10,000 employees and thousands of visitors each year, it’s clear that UNT is a powerful economic engine for DFW.   Economic Impact $1.65 billion: UNT generates an economic impact of $1.65 billion in the DFW economy annually. $12.45: UNT creates $12.45 in economic activity for each dollar it receives in state appropriations.   Spending Impact × $431.9 million: UNT employees’ spending adds $431.9 million to the DFW economy annually. $395.9 million: UNT students’ spending adds $395.9 million to the DFW economy annually. $61.7 million: UNT visitors’ spending adds $61.7 million to the DFW economy annually.   Tax Revenue Impact $150.9 million: UNT economic activity generates $150.9 million in federal tax revenue annually. $77.7 million: UNT economic activity generates $77.7 million in state and local tax revenue annually. $1.9 million: UNT employees pay $1.9 million dollars in state and local property taxes and fees annually.   Job Impact $565.8 million: UNT activity creates $565.8 million in employee compensation for DFW residents. 12,327 jobs: UNT economic activity supports 12,327 jobs in the DFW economy annually.   UNT’s Capital Spending Impact UNT’s progress can be seen and felt throughout campus. For example, the new $130 million, 300,000 square-foot eco-friendly University Union opened in 2015-16 as the new hub of student life where students learn and socialize together and access resources and services that make them more connected to the university.  × To become a university of tomorrow, UNT is transforming its environment from the inside out. The university has created new facilities and renovated its existing space to give faculty and students the latest tools to carry out innovative research, art and scholarship. $183.9 million: UNT’s capital spending generated $183.9 million in economic activity for the DFW economy in FY 2015. $4.9 million: UNT’s capital spending generated $4.9 million in state and local tax revenues for the DFW economy in FY 2015. 932 jobs: UNT’s capital spending supported 932 local jobs and generated $60.1 million in labor income for the DFW economy in FY 2015.   UNT’s progress can be seen and felt throughout campus. The new $130 million, 300,000 square-foot eco friendly University Union opened in the 2015-16 academic year as the new hub of student life where students learn and socialize together and access resources and services that make them more connected to the university. In addition, the Science Research Building is on its way to a substantial upgrade to provide state-of-the-art research and lab space for faculty and students. Although generally a recurring expense, capital spending is a highly variable activity due to what projects are in play and the availability of funding. It is best to consider capital expenses as one‐time events when analyzing their economic impacts. Once a project is finished, the associated spending also ceases. During FY 2015, UNT’s capital included funding for structure demolition, facilities improvements, building construction and purchases, building rehabilitation and remodeling, and parking construction and repair. These expenses totaled more than $183.9 million. Top Important Links|Popular Links Main Menu Home Driving Economic Growth Preparing Leaders of Tomorrow Leading Research & Innovation Building a Stronger Community Designing The Future About this Report University Links MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Email & Phone  president@unt.edu  940-565-2108 UNT Impact Report   Find UNT on Google Maps   1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information Call us Email Us UNT Map Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas 