 news   news releases  biologists make discovery could lead more health benefits plants  biologists make discovery that could lead to more health benefits from plants News  news   news releases  biologists make discovery could lead more health benefits plants  biologists make discovery that could lead to more health benefits from plants News  news   news releases  biologists make discovery could lead more health benefits plants  biologists make discovery that could lead to more health benefits from plants News  news   news releases  biologists make discovery could lead more health benefits plants  biologists make discovery that could lead to more health benefits from plants News  news   news releases  biologists make discovery could lead more health benefits plants  biologists make discovery that could lead to more health benefits from plants News  news   news releases  biologists make discovery could lead more health benefits plants  biologists make discovery that could lead to more health benefits from plants News  news   news releases  biologists make discovery could lead more health benefits plants  biologists make discovery that could lead to more health benefits from plants News  news   news releases  biologists make discovery could lead more health benefits plants  biologists make discovery that could lead to more health benefits from plants News  news   news releases  biologists make discovery could lead more health benefits plants  biologists make discovery that could lead to more health benefits from plants News  news   news releases  biologists make discovery could lead more health benefits plants  biologists make discovery that could lead to more health benefits from plants News   UNT biologists make discovery that could lead to more health benefits from plants | News| University of North Texas Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT News News by TopicArts & Music Business Education Engineering General News Humanities Public Service Research Science Social Science TAMS Image Gallery Video Gallery Our Experts Contact Us Send your stories UNT biologists make discovery that could lead to more health benefits from plants Monday, November 28, 2016 - 14:08 Submitted by Tanya O'neil on Mon, 11/28/2016 - 3:14pm Category: Faculty & Staff Faculty Success General News Research Science DENTON, Texas (UNT) — Many people know that tannins in plants have health benefits and impact the taste of fruits and drinks like tea and wine. While tannins themselves are well known, no one has ever known how plants actually put them together- until now. A team of researchers from the University of North Texas Department of Biological Sciences just made this major discovery. Now, the research by Chenggang Liu, Xiaoqiang Wang, Vladimir Shulaev and Richard Dixon, is being featured in the journal, “Nature Plants.” “This is one of the most exciting papers of my career,” said Dixon, Distinguished Research Professor of biology. “I’ve worked for 35 years on how plants make natural products, and now we’ve answered a question that has been bothering people for many years.” The researchers studied the gene leucoanthocyanidin reductase, or LAR. It was previously thought that LAR only helped make the building blocks of tannins, but the UNT research team learned that the gene instead plays an unexpected role in determining how the building blocks of tannins multiply to form long chains. When those building blocks, called epicatechin, are linked in longer chains, they become insoluble, and lose astringency. However, smaller, more soluble tannins can offer humans more health benefits. Understanding how the process works has major scientific implications. “This is one of the biggest breakthroughs ever in tannin research,” said Dixon. “Tannins have been associated with reduced risks of cardiovascular disease, cancer and Alzheimer’s disease. We can now use this information to try to boost those health benefits. We can also work to improve the taste and astringency of many fruits and beverages. We can even help with a major source of pollution.” The pollution problem is one the UNT research team is already working to tackle. The researchers are using their new knowledge of tannins to manipulate alfalfa in a way that would reduce gas in cows, one of the biggest culprits behind the greenhouse gas problem in our environment. “This just opens up a ton of opportunity,” said Dixon. “We’ve answered a big scientific question, but now we have a lot more research to do.”      UNT News Service Phone Number: (940) 565-2108 Contact: (940) 565-2943 Email: Tanya.O'neil@unt.edu Follow us Visit Us University Service Building 2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2000 news_service@unt.edu Site last updated on May 9, 2017 Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home 