 president   people finley graves Finley Graves Office of the President president   people finley graves Finley Graves Office of the President president   people finley graves Finley Graves Office of the President president   people finley graves Finley Graves Office of the President president   people finley graves Finley Graves Office of the President president   people finley graves Finley Graves Office of the President president   people finley graves Finley Graves Office of the President president   people finley graves Finley Graves Office of the President president   people finley graves Finley Graves Office of the President president   people finley graves Finley Graves Office of the President  Finley Graves | Office of the President Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Meet President Smatresk» Meet President Smatresk Read President Smatresk's full bio Contact President Smatresk Download an official headshot of President Smatresk Initiatives & Priorities» Initiatives & Priorities Top-Tier Research University Talon Team Planning Implementation Speeches & Communications University Resources President's Cabinet Contact President Smatresk Search form Search the UNT web site: Office of the President MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of the President Office of the President Main menu Home Meet President Smatresk Initiatives & Priorities Speeches & Communications University Resources President's Cabinet Contact President Smatresk Hurley Administration BldgRoom 201Finley.Graves@unt.edu940-565-3952Office of Provost and Academic Affairs Finley Graves Provost and Vice President for Academic AffairsExecutive Assistant: Margaret Vestal 2016-17_Provost_OrgChart_.pdf Division Information The Office of the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs is responsible for UNT’s academic mission, including teaching and service. The provost’s office provides leadership in the development and supervision of the university’s academic programs and curriculum in conjunction with the deans and faculty representatives. And it collaborates with the Office of Research and Economic Development in promoting faculty and student scholarship. Bio Information Finley Graves began serving as UNT’s Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs in March 2015, leading the academic units of one of the nation’s largest universities. Before becoming provost, he served as Dean of UNT’s College of Business from 2007-2015 and as the Chair of the Department of Accounting from 2002-2007. Prior to joining UNT in 2002, Dr. Graves was Head of the Department of Accounting at Kansas State University from 1997 to 2002. From 1983 through 1997, he was a member of the faculty of the School of Accountancy at the University of Mississippi. Prior to that, Dr. Graves was a faculty member in the Department of German and Russian at the University of Alabama from 1973 to 1981, and served chair of that department in 1980-81. Dr. Graves is currently a member of the Accounting Accreditation Committee of AACSB International, the organization that accredits business and accounting programs worldwide. Education: Ph.D. in accountancy, University of Alabama Ph.D. in Germanic languages and literatures, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill M.A. in accountancy, University of Alabama M.A. in modern Germanic literature, Rice University B.A. in modern foreign languages, University of Mississippi Licensed CPA (Mississippi)     Visit Us Office of the President Hurley Administration Building Room 201 [map] Mail Us Office of the President University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311425 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2108 president@unt.edu   Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 