 president   people david wolf David Wolf Office of the President president   people david wolf David Wolf Office of the President president   people david wolf David Wolf Office of the President president   people david wolf David Wolf Office of the President president   people david wolf David Wolf Office of the President president   people david wolf David Wolf Office of the President president   people david wolf David Wolf Office of the President president   people david wolf David Wolf Office of the President president   people david wolf David Wolf Office of the President president   people david wolf David Wolf Office of the President  David Wolf | Office of the President Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Meet President Smatresk» Meet President Smatresk Read President Smatresk's full bio Contact President Smatresk Download an official headshot of President Smatresk Initiatives & Priorities» Initiatives & Priorities Top-Tier Research University Talon Team Planning Implementation Speeches & Communications University Resources President's Cabinet Contact President Smatresk Search form Search the UNT web site: Office of the President MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of the President Office of the President Main menu Home Meet President Smatresk Initiatives & Priorities Speeches & Communications University Resources President's Cabinet Contact President Smatresk University Gateway Center, Tower Section, 3rd FloorDavid.Wolf@unt.edu940-565-2010Division of Advancement David Wolf Vice President for AdvancementExecutive Assistant: Lisa Hall 2016-17_Advancement_OrgChart.pdfDivision Information The Division of Advancement engages with alumni, friends, corporations, foundations and community organizations to advance the University of North Texas through strategic partnerships, advocacy and financial support. The division oversees: Advancement/Development Comprehensive fundraising campaigns UNT Alumni Association Bio Information Dr. Wolf joined UNT as Vice President for Advancement in May 2015. As the head of UNT’s development, fundraising and alumni relations programs, he leads the university through increasing its engagement with donors, advocates and alumni, as well as corporate and private organizations. Dr. Wolf, a UNT alumnus who has nearly two decades of experience in higher education philanthropy and alumni engagement, is also a faculty member in UNT’s College of Education and a published author and researcher on topics related to higher education philanthropy. Prior to joining UNT, he served as executive director for individual, planned and regional giving at UCLA for six years. Dr. Wolf also served in leadership positions in university advancement at the University of Southern Mississippi, the University of Alabama, Cameron University and the University of Texas at Arlington. Education: Ph.D. in higher education, University of North Texas M.S. in political science, University of Texas at Arlington B.S. in communications, University of Texas at Arlington Visit Us Office of the President Hurley Administration Building Room 201 [map] Mail Us Office of the President University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311425 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2108 president@unt.edu   Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 