 president   people wren baker Wren Baker Office of the President president   people wren baker Wren Baker Office of the President president   people wren baker Wren Baker Office of the President president   people wren baker Wren Baker Office of the President president   people wren baker Wren Baker Office of the President president   people wren baker Wren Baker Office of the President president   people wren baker Wren Baker Office of the President president   people wren baker Wren Baker Office of the President president   people wren baker Wren Baker Office of the President president   people wren baker Wren Baker Office of the President  Wren Baker | Office of the President Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Meet President Smatresk» Meet President Smatresk Read President Smatresk's full bio Contact President Smatresk Download an official headshot of President Smatresk Initiatives & Priorities» Initiatives & Priorities Top-Tier Research University Talon Team Planning Implementation Speeches & Communications University Resources President's Cabinet Contact President Smatresk Search form Search the UNT web site: Office of the President MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of the President Office of the President Main menu Home Meet President Smatresk Initiatives & Priorities Speeches & Communications University Resources President's Cabinet Contact President Smatresk Athletic CenterRoom 207Wren.Baker@unt.edu940-565-2789Mean Green Sports Wren Baker Vice President and Director of AthleticsExecutive Assistant: Patty Wells 2016-17_Athletics_OrgChart_.pdfDivision Information The Division of Athletics is responsible for the overall administration and management supervision of the university’s intercollegiate athletic program and represents the university’s athletic programs at the conference and national levels. The division: Promotes and monitors the primary goals of educational success, personal growth, physical welfare and athletic achievements of student-athletes Provides fair and equitable opportunities for all student-athletes and staff participating in intercollegiate sport activities, regardless of gender or ethnicity Promotes the principles of good sportsmanship, honesty and integrity  in compliance with UNT, the state of Texas, NCAA and conference regulations Maintains a nationally competitive athletics program that promotes pride and connection to UNT Serves the greater community through public service and outreach activities that positively reflect on UNT and promote goodwill  Bio Information Wren Baker was appointed to serve as Vice President and Director of Athletics in August 2016. As the VP and Director of Athletics, he oversees a Division 1 athletics program composed of 16 sports and 17 athletic facilities that include UNT’s Apogee Stadium, the nation’s first newly constructed “green” collegiate football stadium to earn LEED Platinum certification, the highest such rating. Mr. Baker also is responsible for supporting the academic and athletic success of student-athletes. Athletic graduation rates have doubled since 2002. Prior to joining UNT, Mr. Baker served as interim Director of Athletics at the University of Missouri. In 2015, he began his tenure as the Deputy Director of Athletics at Missouri, where he was responsible for assisting the athletic director with the administration of the SEC athletics program. He led the athletic department's external relations team, including development, marketing, licensing, the ticket office and strategic communications. During his first year at Missouri, Baker oversaw the implementation of a new annual fund model and restructured the external team. Prior to Missouri, Mr. Baker served as the Deputy Athletics Director from 2013 to 2015 at the University of Memphis, where he oversaw external relations and assisted in department operations. Before Memphis, he served as the Director of Athletics at NCAA Division II power Northwest Missouri State University from 2010-2013. He also served as the first Director of Athletics and Head Men's Basketball Coach at Rogers State University, where he led the formation of the athletic department while posting an inaugural 20-11 record before stepping down to become the full-time Athletics Director. Education: B.S. in education, Southeastern Oklahoma State M.S. in education leadership, Oklahoma State University Visit Us Office of the President Hurley Administration Building Room 201 [map] Mail Us Office of the President University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311425 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2108 president@unt.edu   Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 