 admissions   freshman preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions  admissions   freshman preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions  admissions   freshman preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions  admissions   freshman preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions  admissions   freshman preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions  admissions   freshman preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions  admissions   freshman preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions  admissions   freshman preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions  admissions   freshman preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions  admissions   freshman preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions   How do I prepare? | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Freshman Admissions Links » Will I get in? How do I prepare? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Freshman Admissions Links Will I get in? How do I prepare? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? How do I prepare? Improve your chances of being admitted and receiving financial awards Talk to an Admissions Counselor Let one of our friendly UNT Admissions Counselors guide you every step of the way. We’ll answer your questions and assist you through the admissions process. Call us, email us or come see us. We also have events in cities across the U.S. and visit lots of high schools, so there's a good chance we can come visit you, too. Find your UNT Admissions Counselor. Attend admissions events to learn more about UNT UNT Live! We bring UNT to you with this informative, free reception held in cities across the country. Our Admissions Counselors will give you information on UNT, the admissions process, housing, scholarships and financial aid. You can also meet with various departments during the event who can answer any questions you might have regarding your transition to UNT. Find out when UNT Live! will be in your area. UNT Preview This free campus event, held each Fall and Spring, is your opportunity to get a sneak peek at campus life and your future. Bring your family and your friends, and allow our students, faculty and staff to help you discover why UNT is the right place for you. Learn more about UNT Preview. Tour campus Let our knowledgeable student Eagle Ambassadors take you on a tour of the beautiful UNT campus. Sign up for individualized tours of one of our colleges or schools and talk to a UNT Admissions Counselor in person. Sign up for a campus tour. Take the right high school courses To be more successful at UNT, we require that students take the following classes in high school. English: 4 credits (English I-IV) Mathematics: 4 credits (Algebra I, Geometry, Algebra II and Pre-Calculus) Sciences: 4 credits (to be selected from Biology, Chemistry, Environmental Sciences and Physics) Social Sciences: 4 credits (World Geography, World History Studies, U.S. Government and Economics and U.S. History) Foreign Language: 2 credits (Levels I-III proficiency of the same language) (UNT recommends 3 credits) Health: 1/2 credit minimum Fine Arts: 1 credit Physical Education: 1 1/2 credits Computer Science: 1 credit (demonstrated proficiency at Level I) Electives: 3 1/2 credits Speech: 1/2 credit Get a head start on your degree by earning college credits now You can get a head start on earning your bachelor’s degree at UNT even before enrolling in your first class as an incoming freshman. By completing Advanced Placement (AP) courses and exams, College-Level Examination Program (CLEP) subject exams or International Baccalaureate (IB) exams, you can earn academic credit and test out of some UNT courses. This can help you earn your degree faster and start your career earlier than other students. Learn more about earning college credits by examination. When to take the SAT or ACT High school seniors who plan to attend UNT should take entrance examinations at least five months before enrollment dates. See www.collegeboard.org or your high school counselor for more information. What to do your Junior year in high school September Attend a college fair to begin gathering information on colleges. October Take the PSAT. January Take a free tour of campus. Schedule a campus tour online or call 940-565-4104. February Register for a spring SAT or ACT.Forward test results to UNT’s Office of Admissions. UNT’s school code is 6481 for the SAT and 4136 for the ACT. Attend UNT Spring Preview. July Review requirements and deadlines for admission, housing, scholarships and financial aid. What to do your Senior year in high school August Apply to UNT. Register for the fall SAT or ACT if necessary. Forward test results to UNT’s Office of Admissions. September Submit the UNT General Scholarship Application. October Remember to send us your transcripts. Once you're accepted, reserve a spot at Freshman Orientation. Complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Designate UNT as the college to receive your FAFSA information. UNT’s school code is 003594. January Apply for housing. Select a residence hall and submit deposit. April Attend our UNT Premiere event for admitted students. May Submit final, official high school transcript. June Pre-orientation homework available. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 