 admissions   adult admission program Adult Admission Program Admissions  admissions   adult admission program Adult Admission Program Admissions  admissions   adult admission program Adult Admission Program Admissions  admissions   adult admission program Adult Admission Program Admissions  admissions   adult admission program Adult Admission Program Admissions  admissions   adult admission program Adult Admission Program Admissions  admissions   adult admission program Adult Admission Program Admissions  admissions   adult admission program Adult Admission Program Admissions  admissions   adult admission program Adult Admission Program Admissions  admissions   adult admission program Adult Admission Program Admissions   Adult Admission Program | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Adult Admission Program Who qualifies for admission to UNT as part of the Adult Admission Program? Applicants that have been out of high school for at least five years, have earned fewer than 30 college credits and who have not taken the ACT or SAT test may be eligible for admission to UNT under Adult Admission. How the Adult Admission Program works Individuals eligible for this program may be accepted without the required SAT or ACT test scores only if evidence provided to the admissions office staff suggests the potential of academic success for the individual. Students who are admitted under the provisions of the Adult Admission Program are subject to all other academic and programmatic requirements of the university. Upon review of this information, the admissions office may ask for a personal interview with the prospective student. How to apply to UNT through the Adult Admission Program To be considered for the Adult Admission Program, you must submit all of the following: An application for admission, which can be completed online at www.applytexas.org. A non-refundable $75 application fee. (there is a late fee if paid after the priority date) An official copy of all high school transcripts. Official transcripts of any previous college/university work. (Students who are transferring fewer than 30 hours from another college/university also must have a minimum 2.5 grade-point-average (4.0 grading system) and be eligible to return to any institution attended.) A personal statement concerning your academic preparedness for university level study, your intended major and career goals, and any other information you feel is pertinent to the individual review of your application. The Adult Admission Program Request Form*.* You may need to download Acrobat Reader to view this .pdf file. Send all documents to: University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 