 admissions   transfer admission requirements Will I get in Admissions  admissions   transfer admission requirements Will I get in Admissions  admissions   transfer admission requirements Will I get in Admissions  admissions   transfer admission requirements Will I get in Admissions  admissions   transfer admission requirements Will I get in Admissions  admissions   transfer admission requirements Will I get in Admissions  admissions   transfer admission requirements Will I get in Admissions  admissions   transfer admission requirements Will I get in Admissions  admissions   transfer admission requirements Will I get in Admissions  admissions   transfer admission requirements Will I get in Admissions   Will I get in? | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Transfer Admissions Links » Will I get in? How do I prepare? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Transfer Admissions Links Will I get in? How do I prepare? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? Will I get in? Transfer admission requirements UNT Admission Requirements for Transfer Students If you have more than 44 college credit hours: Minimum college 2.0 GPA (4.0 system) and eligible to return to institution(s) attended If you have 30-44 college credit hours: Minimum college 2.25 GPA (4.0 system) and eligible to return to institution(s) attended If you have fewer than 30 college credit hours: Graduation from an accredited high school Minimum college 2.5 GPA (4.0 system) and eligible to return to institution(s) attended SAT/ACT score and high school class rank as required for UNT freshmen   International students will have additional admission requirements. Eagle Bound Program Admission Partnerships: UNT maintains Admission Partnership agreements with several community colleges through the Eagle Bound Program. See if your community college participates in the Eagle Bound Program. Individual Review of Application Individual Review is a process whereby a UNT admissions officer reviews the application file of any transfer student who does not meet the minimum admission. This review is an automatic process whenever the admissions office determines that an applicant does not meet official UNT minimum entrance requirements. Upon review of the application file, the admission officer will forward a letter to the student about their options for possible admission to UNT. Transfer Assistance Program Students that have less than 30 college hours and do not meet the automatic admissions requirements may be given the opportunity to participate in the Transfer Assistance Program (TAP). This program offers students personalized assistance from an assigned Transfer Counselor who will help them to choose courses to take at a community college in order to meet the automatic admission requirements. GPA Adjustment Program Students that have 31 or more college hours and do not meet the automatic admissions requirements may be given the opportunity to participate in the GPA Adjustment Program (GAP). If selected to participate in this program, the student will be sent information about the program, along with the link to complete and submit the GAP form to the Office of Admissions. An assigned Transfer Counselor will contact the student to discuss what course of action he or she needs to take in order to raise his or her grade point average. Students should carry out the suggested option for the best possibility of admission into UNT. Factors that may assist in determining academic readiness under the individual review provision may include, but are not limited to, the following: high school attended; first-generation college attendance; employment experience; special abilities such as bilingual proficiency and meeting family responsibilities; individual achievements; leadership activities; and public service; and extra-curricular activities. For more information about admission to UNT, contact a transfer counselor at 800-868-8211, 940-565-2681 or unt.transfer@unt.edu. Additional Information for Non-Traditional Applicants Transient (Visiting) or Summer Visiting Students Undergraduate students who were previously enrolled at another college or university may attend UNT as transient (visiting) students for one long semester only (fall or spring), provided their intent is to return to their previous college or university. A summer visiting student is an undergraduate student (U.S. citizen or U.S. permanent resident) who enrolls at UNT for either or both summer terms with the intent of returning to his or her home institution upon completion of summer studies. An official transcript from only the last college or university attended must be submitted with the application for admission and the application fee prior to the application deadline. The transcript must reflect a minimum 2.00 GPA (4.0 system) and that the student is in good standing (eligible to return) and not on academic probation or suspension from that institution. If a transient or summer visiting student later decides to continue at UNT, the transient or summer visiting status ends and all admission requirements for a beginning transfer student must be met prior to the second semester of enrollment at UNT. An admission application for transient students wishing to continue must be filed prior to the application deadline. If a student originally applies as a regular transfer student and is academically denied for admission, the student cannot change his/her application status to transient or summer visiting. Summer visiting students may return to UNT for subsequent summers by reapplying and submitting an updated transcript from their home institution (the last college attended). Because of federal laws and immigration requirements, international students are not eligible to enroll at UNT as transient / visiting students. Fresh Start for Transfer Students Last Enrolled 10 or More Years Ago Students who have college credits that are at least 10 years old may seek admission to UNT without consideration of that academic work. Contact the UNT Office of Undergraduate Admissions before acceptance. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 