 admissions   transfer how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   transfer how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   transfer how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   transfer how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   transfer how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   transfer how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   transfer how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   transfer how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   transfer how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   transfer how to apply How do I apply Admissions   How do I apply? | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Transfer Admissions Links » Will I get in? How do I prepare? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Transfer Admissions Links Will I get in? How do I prepare? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? How do I apply? How and when to apply for admission to UNT as a transfer student Who can apply as a transfer student? U.S. citizens or U.S. permanent residents applying for admission to UNT for the first time, who have earned college credits from another school of higher education after graduating high school and have not earned a four-year degree should apply as transfer students. Not you? Try one of these links: Freshman | International | Graduate How to apply To be considered for admission to UNT, do the following: Complete the online application at ApplyTexas.org before the priority date. Pay the UNT application fee before the priority date. Submit separate, official transcripts from every university and college you’ve attended. If you've earned fewer than 30 college credit hours, also submit an official transcript from your high school. Submit official SAT or ACT scores if you have fewer than 30 college credit hours. You do not have to send test scores if you have 30 or more college credit hours. If you’ve been out of high school for five years or longer, have earned fewer than 30 college credit hours and have not taken the SAT or ACT, you may qualify for Adult Admission. International students will have additional application requirements. If you are submitting documents or payments by mail... Our regular mailing address is: University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Our physical address for courier services (FedEx, UPS, etc.) is: University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 When to Apply Priority admission dates for transfer students: Submit your completed application and application fee to the admissions office by the following priority dates. Apply by this priority date: To enroll for session: With classes beginning: December 1, 2016 Spring 2017 January 17, 2017 May 8, 2017 Summer 2017 May 15, 2017  May 29, 2017 Summer 2017 June 5, 2017 July 1, 2017* Fall 2017 August 28, 2017 *You should apply and be admitted by March 1 to be considered for scholarships. Applications received after these priority dates will still be considered, but will be subject to a late fee. Your application and fee must be submitted by the priority date for you to be eligible for on-time registration. Applicants who miss the priority date will register during Late Registration when classes are less plentiful. Different admissions deadlines exist for new college students. How early should you apply? Transfer applicants may apply up to a year in advance of their expected term of enrollment. It's best to apply as early as possible so that you'll have more scholarships available, and more options for orientation dates and housing preferences. When are admission decisions made? Admission decisions are made on a rolling basis. You'll be informed of your admission status once we've received and processed your complete application and all required documents. Learn more about our application review process and how to check the status of your application. How to pay the application fee The application fee for U.S. Citizens & Permanent residents is $75, if received by the Priority Date. After the Priority Date, the application fee is $90. Ways to pay You may pay the application fee by credit card, money order or check. If paying by credit card, please include credit card information when completing your application for admission or call 1-800-UNT-8211 (1-800-868-8211) to pay by phone. If paying by money order or check, please mail your payment to the UNT Office of Undergraduate Admissions. See our mailing address. Please include your name on your money order or check so we can credit the payment to your account. The application fee must be paid in U.S. dollars and is non-refundable. Fee waivers In limited cases, the admission application fee may be waived. As a transfer applicant, you may request an admission application fee waiver by sending us a copy of your Student Aid Report (SAR) from your Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). In order to be considered for the waiver, your Estimated Family Contribution from the SAR must be zero. How to submit transcripts Please send your transcripts to the UNT Office of Undergraduate Admissions. You can send them via regular mail, have them delivered by a courier service (UPS, FedEx, etc.), or have them sent from your school via an electronic transcript service. You can also hand-deliver them to the UNT Office of Undergraduate Admissions. See our mailing address. Letters of recommendation and essays You will not need to mail letters of recommendation and an essay (personal statement) with your application unless additional information is requested of you by an admission officer and is necessary to evaluate your application for admission to the university. If letters of recommendation and an essay are required, you will receive a letter from an admission officer requesting those documents. At that time, you should submit your essay and ask the appropriate people to submit letters of recommendation directly to our office. Letters of recommendation should be submitted by your your advisor and two or three professors. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 