 admissions   transfer preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions  admissions   transfer preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions  admissions   transfer preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions  admissions   transfer preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions  admissions   transfer preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions  admissions   transfer preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions  admissions   transfer preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions  admissions   transfer preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions  admissions   transfer preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions  admissions   transfer preparing to apply How do I prepare Admissions   How do I prepare? | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Transfer Admissions Links » Will I get in? How do I prepare? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Transfer Admissions Links Will I get in? How do I prepare? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? How do I prepare? Learn about the transfer process and how your credits transfer to UNT Talk to a Transfer Counselor Let one of our friendly UNT Transfer Counselors guide you every step of the way. We’ll answer your questions about course transferability, financial aid, admissions and program requirements at UNT. We’ll review your transcript, help clarify what credits may transfer and guide you through the entire transfer process. Our Transfer Counselors can also meet with you one-on-one at many community college campuses. Find your UNT Transfer Counselor. Attend Transfer Debut Considering transferring to UNT? Come experience UNT firsthand. Tour the campus. Meet UNT students. Learn how your credits will transfer. Learn more about UNT Transfer Debut. Tour campus Let our knowledgeable student Eagle Ambassadors take you on a tour of the beautiful UNT campus. Sign up for individualized tours of one of our colleges or schools and talk to a UNT Transfer Counselor in person. Sign up for a campus tour. See how your credits and GPA will transfer to UNT Transferring to UNT couldn’t be easier and we will help you succeed. If you are attending a community college, we encourage you to plan all your community college course selections well in advance of transferring to UNT. You can discuss your degree plan with one of our Transfer Counselors to ensure you receive the maximum amount of transfer credit for the courses you have taken. Credits transfer easily from community colleges or other universities, particularly those that participate in the Texas Common Course Numbering System. If you’re attending a Texas community college, UNT’s online Transfer Resources include four-year plans and other tools to help you stay on track and graduate on time. Some community colleges have enrollment agreements with UNT. Be sure to check to see if your school participates. Technical/career courses transfer Create a personalized degree plan, so you can graduate sooner. With a Bachelor of Applied Arts and Science degree, a majority of your AAS degree or career/technical credits may apply. You can choose from two BAAS degree options at UNT. Military credits transfer UNT is home to more than 2,500 members of the military community and their families. UNT may accept lower- and upper-division military credit, as recommended by the American Council on Education’s Guide to the Evaluation of Educational Experiences in the Armed Services. Credit for vocational work may be accepted if you are pursuing a BAAS degree. For information, call our Veterans Center at 940-369-2681 or visit the Student Veterans Services website. GPA transfers At UNT, you’ll have three GPAs: An overall Transferring GPA used for admission to UNT* A Cumulative UNT GPA that determines your UNT student status A Graduating GPA that includes all work (Transfer Work, plus UNT combined GPA) that determines your eligibility to apply for graduation from UNT and to graduate with honors *If you have an "incomplete" on your transcript, it won’t be calculated in your Transferring GPA for admission purposes. If you've earned a D, it will transfer (exception: Freshman Composition, which requires a grade of C or higher), but the course may need to be retaken. Certain departments may require a grade of C or higher in specific core courses. See if your community college has an Eagle Bound Program Admission Partnership with UNT UNT maintains Admission Partnership agreements with several community colleges through the Eagle Bound Program to provide special benefits and resources for community college students so that their transfer to UNT is seamless. See if your community college participates in the Eagle Bound Program. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 