 admissions   transfer application review How will I know if I m accepted Admissions  admissions   transfer application review How will I know if I m accepted Admissions  admissions   transfer application review How will I know if I m accepted Admissions  admissions   transfer application review How will I know if I m accepted Admissions  admissions   transfer application review How will I know if I m accepted Admissions  admissions   transfer application review How will I know if I m accepted Admissions  admissions   transfer application review How will I know if I m accepted Admissions  admissions   transfer application review How will I know if I m accepted Admissions  admissions   transfer application review How will I know if I m accepted Admissions  admissions   transfer application review How will I know if I m accepted Admissions   How will I know if I'm accepted? | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Transfer Admissions Links » Will I get in? How do I prepare? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Transfer Admissions Links Will I get in? How do I prepare? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? How will I know if I'm accepted? What to expect after applying for admission to UNT and how to check your application status When are admission decisions made? Transfer admission decisions are made on a rolling basis. You will be informed of your admission status once your application, application fee and all required documents have been received and processed. If you do not meet our admission requirements, your Transfer Counselor will review your application materials and contact you. How to check your admission application status Once you have applied, you can track the status of your admission application through your personal MyUNT portal page at my.unt.edu. If required items are missing for your application, those will be listed at MyUNT. Any updates made to your application are reflected on the MyUNT portal page. If you have applied for financial aid or scholarships, MyUNT also lets you view the status of those applications. You will need to activate your EUID and password before you log into MyUNT. Your EUID and PIN are emailed to you after you have paid your application fee. They will be sent to the email address you provided when you applied. If you have applied and paid the application fee, but did not receive this email, please contact the admissions office. Step 1: Activate Your EUID Account Go to ams.unt.edu Click on the Activate Your Account link Follow the instructions to set your permanent password (Note that you will be asked to verify some personal information to ensure the privacy of your data.) Your EUID, one-time PIN and permanent password provide access to your personal information; do not share them with anyone. Step 2: Log In to MyUNT Once you have activated your account and set your permanent password, you can log in to check your application status. Go to my.unt.edu Login with your EUID and password If you are unable to log in immediately after activating your account, please wait several hours and try again. If you still cannot log in, contact the UNT Helpdesk at 940-565-2324. Step 3: Check Your Admission Application Status Once you have entered the MyUNT portal page, select the "Student Center/Register" icon in the main screen. When the Student Center appears you will find a section for "Admissions" (scroll to the bottom of the page) where you can check the status of your admission application. Click the "View Status" button to display the current status of each application for admission that you have submitted. If your application is incomplete, you may view missing items by either clicking on the "To Do List" link on the right menu bar or by clicking on the "View All To Do Items" link on the Application Status page. These items are needed to complete your application for admission. Please submit these items to the admissions office in order to complete your application. Once your application is complete, it can be evaluated for admission. How to update information on your application You may change your application start date once per application. There is a $30 fee to change your application start date. Update your application start date online now. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 