 admissions   eagle bound Eagle Bound Admissions  admissions   eagle bound Eagle Bound Admissions  admissions   eagle bound Eagle Bound Admissions  admissions   eagle bound Eagle Bound Admissions  admissions   eagle bound Eagle Bound Admissions  admissions   eagle bound Eagle Bound Admissions  admissions   eagle bound Eagle Bound Admissions  admissions   eagle bound Eagle Bound Admissions  admissions   eagle bound Eagle Bound Admissions  admissions   eagle bound Eagle Bound Admissions   Eagle Bound | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Eagle Bound The University of North Texas (UNT) maintains Admission Partnership agreements with several community colleges through the Eagle Bound Program. UNT's Eagle Bound partners are: Collin College Dallas County Community College Grayson College Hill College North Central Texas College Tarrant County College Weatherford College How does it work? The community college and UNT collaborate to provide transfer resources for students so that their transfer to UNT is seamless. What does it provide participants? Guaranteed admission to UNT with completion of an associate degree and by meeting the university's transfer admission requirement. Opportunity to schedule one-on-one pre-admission counseling appointments with UNT on the community college campus. Information for obtaining scholarship and financial assistance. Eagle Pass card issued to allow access to UNT campus with a valid community college ID card. Use of the UNT Library with a TexShare card. Special student rates for activities and sporting events, including the Pohl Recreation Center. How do I apply to participate? To apply for the Eagle Bound program, submit a completed Eagle Bound Pre-Admission Application to your community college's Registrar’s Office so they can provide UNT with confirmation of your enrollment: Collin College* Dallas County Community College* Grayson College* Hill College* North Central Texas College* Tarrant County College* Weatherford College* * You may need to download Acrobat Reader to view this .pdf file. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 