 earlycollegehs   Early College High School graduates find success at  Early College High School Overview earlycollegehs   Early College High School graduates find success at  Early College High School Overview earlycollegehs   Early College High School graduates find success at  Early College High School Overview earlycollegehs   Early College High School graduates find success at  Early College High School Overview earlycollegehs   Early College High School graduates find success at  Early College High School Overview earlycollegehs   Early College High School graduates find success at  Early College High School Overview earlycollegehs   Early College High School graduates find success at  Early College High School Overview earlycollegehs   Early College High School graduates find success at  Early College High School Overview earlycollegehs   Early College High School graduates find success at  Early College High School Overview earlycollegehs   Early College High School graduates find success at  Early College High School Overview  Early College High School graduates find success at UNT | Early College High School Overview Jump to Navigation Search the UNT web site: En Español MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT skip Early College High School Overview HomeEarly College High School AdmissionsHow to transition CostHow to pay Student LifeWhat is college like Support ServicesWe support you Contact us today! Early College High School graduates find success at UNT If you’re ready to expand on the success you had as an Early College High School student, then UNT is the place for you. We offer a bachelor’s degree experience that is as unique as your high school experience, with 100 bachelor’s degrees to choose from, many of them nationally recognized. Higher education is much more than just classroom study. It’s the kind of real-world experience that makes you more attractive to potential employers. At UNT you will learn in all kinds of environments and participate in the process of discovery. And we offer thousands of classes every semester that you can choose from. UNT has 12 colleges and schools, containing programs that are nationally ranked and recognized. UNT’s outstanding faculty are friendly, personable, helpful and widely recognized in their fields of study. We have 61 research and service centers that provide hands-on experience alongside professors and graduate students. UNT is the choice of 37,000 students and is one of the nation’s most diverse universities with 7,800 Hispanic and 5,100 African American students. Degree search: Know what you want to major in? View an alphabetical list of all the majors. Not sure yet? Search our undergraduate majors. Admissions We understand that as an ECHS graduate, you are not the same as most incoming freshmen, so it makes sense that your admissions process should be a little different too. UNT has a dedicated admissions counselor who is available to answer your questions about the admissions process and we take your college experience into account during our review process. UNT has a dedicated admissions counselor for ECHS students, who can help you with planning, transferring your credits, and admissions. Learn more about the admissions process for ECHS students. Cost Named one of America’s Best College Buys® for 21 consecutive years, UNT offers you the traditional college experience at an affordable cost. UNT awards $320 million in financial aid annually, including more than $36 million in scholarships. About 74% of UNT students receive financial aid and scholarships. As an ECHS student, you may qualify for UNT's Greater Texas Foundation Scholars program, specifically for ECHS students, which provides financial, academic and social support. Find out more about GTF scholars and how you can afford UNT. Student Life UNT has 15 residence halls, each with its own personality. Dorm life allows you to hang out with other students, eat at 5 different dining halls or roll out of bed 10 minutes before class if you like. You will get the most out of college by getting involved, and at UNT there are many opportunities to do just that. You can find your niche with others who share your passions or interests because we offer 400 student organizations. Get more info about how you can fit in. Student Services UNT provides a wide range of resources to help you to learn what you need to succeed in the classroom and in life. We have free tutors and workshops on a variety of topics to help you academically. We provide counseling for many areas of your life, including academic, relational, emotional and financial. UNT has five libraries, including a collection of rare books, and 13 general-access computer labs. UNT’s Career Center has resources to help you start your career. Learn more about the ways UNT can help you succeed. Apply Now Get more info Continue the conversation on Facebook Take a tour Come to UNT Preview Contact UNT's ECHS coordinator Chat with a UNT student Contact Us: Early College High School Overview 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-4932 Toll Free: 888-868-8211 Metro: 817-267-3731 http://earlycollegehs.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. urcm@unt.edu Ask us: To email Financial Aid directly, please click on "Ask a question" through AskUNT. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on October 14, 2016 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume SystemTexas Homeland Security | State link policy Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board Public Universities' Academic Data and Performance Reports 