 admissions   high school and community college counselors Information for High School and Community College Counselors Admissions  admissions   high school and community college counselors Information for High School and Community College Counselors Admissions  admissions   high school and community college counselors Information for High School and Community College Counselors Admissions  admissions   high school and community college counselors Information for High School and Community College Counselors Admissions  admissions   high school and community college counselors Information for High School and Community College Counselors Admissions  admissions   high school and community college counselors Information for High School and Community College Counselors Admissions  admissions   high school and community college counselors Information for High School and Community College Counselors Admissions  admissions   high school and community college counselors Information for High School and Community College Counselors Admissions  admissions   high school and community college counselors Information for High School and Community College Counselors Admissions  admissions   high school and community college counselors Information for High School and Community College Counselors Admissions   Information for High School and Community College Counselors | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Information for High School and Community College Counselors We host several events throughout the year, and this is where counselors can sign-up, obtain information, and ask questions for such events. Please direct questions about specific events to the Admissions team member in charge of coordinating the event. Group Tours/Campus Visits This program is designed for high school/community colleges whose students have expressed an interest in visiting the UNT Denton Campus. Participants will engage in interesting, informative and entertaining activities, creating a positive and memorable experience at UNT. Learn more about UNT campus tours. NorTex College Fair This event is designed for high school counselors, college and university representatives, prospective students, and parents to provide you with information about UNT and other participating schools. The next NorTex College Fair will be held Monday, September 14, 2015. For more information, please visit our NorTex College Fair page or email Jason.Peacock@unt.edu. Advising Summit Advising Summit is a UNT event designed to provide community college advisors, faculty, and staff with updated information and resources to facilitate the transfer process of students seeking to attend UNT. For more information, please email Keith.Fernander@unt.edu. Eagle Landing Eagle Landing is a UNT transfer student event held on the community college campus. It is designed to provide community college students with the necessary information for a smooth transition to the University of North Texas. Previous locations include: Brookhaven College, Collin College, North Lake College, Mountain View College, Richland College and Eastfield College. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 