 honors   advantage support  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage support  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage support  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage support  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage support  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage support  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage support  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage support  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage support  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage support  The Honors Advantage Honors College The   The Honors Advantage | Honors College | The University of North Texas Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT The Honors Advantage Home Support Faculty Research Paying for College Find Success Admissions Sean Ryan, academic counselor, helps students plan course schedules and maximize their academic experience. Honors College » The Honors Advantage » Support Join the Honors Nation A college as unique as you are UNT’s Honors College, with an enrollment of 2,000, is the largest of its kind in the region. As a student in the Honors College, you’ll have the best of both worlds — you’ll be part of an enthusiastic community of scholars from many disciplines and you’ll learn and excel with the attention you would normally find only at a small private college. About UNT A student-focused public research university, UNT is designated a Best University by Forbes and is one of the largest, most comprehensive in the Dallas-Fort Worth area. With excellent academics and distinguished faculty, we are the choice of 37,000 students. We offer 99 bachelor’s, 83 master’s and 36 doctoral degree programs. Honors classes The heart of the college is the Honors classroom, where you can engage your professors and fellow students in learning that challenges the intellect and advances academic achievement. You’re encouraged to think critically, assess issues, make and defend arguments, and synthesize ideas. Special privileges Activities just for Honors students include lunches with deans and faculty members so you can get to know the members of your academic family, tickets to cultural events all over the Dallas-Fort Worth area and special Honors events such as the Welcome Back picnic, the Medallion Ceremony and an annual Graduation Workshop. Study abroad The Honors College and the UNT Study Abroad Office have partnered to offer Honors students an opportunity each year to spend time in destinations all over the world while earning six hours of Honors course credit. World Literature and Global Perspectives students recently spent more than two weeks in Europe exploring the cultural and historical landscape of Great Britain. A community of your peers Living and learning together Rawlins Hall allows freshman and sophomore Honors College students the opportunity to live in an academic community unlike anything else you’ll find on campus. Honors students enjoy increased quiet hours to allow for studying, as well as opportunities to relax with friends and play pool in the rec room or lounge on the front and back porches. Featuring music practice rooms, study rooms and recreation areas, Rawlins Hall gives residents a place to go no matter what your interest or goal. Rawlins Hall amenities include: Suites outfitted with loftable beds and modular furniture for flexibility A "neighborhood concept" on each floor, with resident assistant Controlled access to student living areas for increased safety and security Common area coinless laundry facilities Beautiful views of Gateway Park One of its many unique features, Rawlins Hall houses an Honors faculty-in-residence. This faculty member connects with residents by teaching and creating learning experiences outside of the classroom. Honors Hall is UNT’s campus residence option for upperclassmen. One of UNT’s smaller residence halls, it features many of the same amenities as Rawlins Hall. Once you’re accepted to UNT and the Honors College, you can request a room in Rawlins Hall. The admissions application opens Aug. 1 and the housing applicaiton opens in January. Visit the Housing website for details. Apply Now Request Information UNT Preview Schedule a Visit Visit Us Honors College Sage Hall 257 Map Mail us University of North Texas Honors College 1155 Union Circle #310529 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us (940) 565-3305 E-mail: diana.dunklau@unt.edu Technical problems? Last updated Nov. 2, 2015 Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home 