 honors   advantage faculty  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage faculty  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage faculty  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage faculty  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage faculty  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage faculty  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage faculty  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage faculty  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage faculty  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage faculty  The Honors Advantage Honors College The   The Honors Advantage | Honors College | The University of North Texas Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT The Honors Advantage Home Support Faculty Research Paying for College Find Success Admissions Dr. Rafael Major leads a mini-debate in an Honors class called Good Society, which explores questions of ongoing interest and importance to successful societies. Honors classes average just 25 students each. Honors College » The Honors Advantage » Faculty Faculty connections The key to your success Honors classes are specifically designed to encourage students to engage in high-level thinking through intensive classroom discussion, small, collaborative work groups and intensive research projects. Honors College faculty will help facilitate your success every step of the way. You’ll have opportunities to take classes taught by some of UNT’s brightest faculty in a variety of disciplines, such as: Dr. Deborah Armintor Dr. Armintor specializes in 18th century British literature, gender theory and sexuality studies. Her Honors course in Restoration and 18th Century British Literature is an in-depth study of the Restoration period from a particular critical, cultural, historical or philosophical perspective that varies by semester. Dr. Adam Briggle Dr. Briggle’s research focuses on bioethics, environmental studies and ethics, and policy of science and technology. His Honors course in Environmental Philosophy explores ethical, ecological and policy relationships to issues such as global climate change, biodiversity loss and the relationship between environmental issues and social and political concerns. Dr. Nancy Boyd-Lillie Dr. Boyd-Lillie’s research interests are in the areas of leadership, strategic management and more recently, workplace incivility. Her Honors course in Business Ethics and Responsibility is a study of ethical behaviors crucial to personal and corporate success in organizations. “Honors professors are incredible. Smaller class sizes mean that you get to know your professors better and they are more attentive to your needs. I’m still close with some of my professors because I had an Honors class with them.” Parker McNally Communication Studies Student Apply Now Request Information UNT Preview Schedule a Visit Visit Us Honors College Sage Hall 257 Map Mail us University of North Texas Honors College 1155 Union Circle #310529 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us (940) 565-3305 E-mail: diana.dunklau@unt.edu Technical problems? Last updated June 30, 2014 Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home 