 honors   advantage research  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage research  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage research  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage research  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage research  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage research  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage research  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage research  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage research  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage research  The Honors Advantage Honors College The   The Honors Advantage | Honors College | The University of North Texas Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT The Honors Advantage Home Support Faculty Research Paying for College Find Success Admissions Honors College » The Honors Advantage » Research Choose the Honors research track Pursue your passions The Honors College Research Track at UNT is designed to prepare you for the rigors of academic research and make you more competitive for graduate and professional schools. Students who participate in the research track are encouraged to present their findings at conferences, including University Scholars Day in the spring, or be published in The Eagle Feather, the college’s annual journal. Recent University Scholars Day research presentations include: “Through His Eyes: Richard Wright's Response to Crime and Punishment” Faculty Mentor: Dr. James Duban, Honors College “Factors Associated with High Rural HIV Death Rates in Texas” Faculty Mentor: Dr. Tom Miles, Honors College   University Scholars Day also provides participants an opportunity to earn scholarship awards. The Office of Research and Economic Development awards scholarships to the students with the best panel presentations and posters. Student award winners are also eligible to compete for an award for travel to a regional, national or international professional conference. “Presenting at University Scholars Day has helped me learn to be more confident. That confidence translates to the classroom.” Amber McInnis Biology and Forensic Science Student World-Class Facilities UNT is committed to providing an environment where research, collaboration, and intellectual and personal growth are a priority. Our cutting-edge facilities include: The Life Sciences Complex supports multidisciplinary research with collaborative lab and learning spaces, including fresh and salt water aquatics tanks and climate-controlled rooftop greenhouses. The Business Leadership Building promotes entrepreneurship and collaboration with state-of-the-art classrooms, a securities trading room, team study rooms, outdoor terraces and cloud computing. One of the largest university research parks in the region, UNT’s 300-acre Discovery Park is a technology-rich campus dedicated to scientific research, engineering and high-tech business start-ups. The Murchison Performing Arts Center houses the 1,100-seat Winspear Hall for orchestral, choral, chamber music and band concerts and the Lyric Theater for opera. The UNT Libraries system supports research and scholarship with over 7 million cataloged items. The UNT Digital Library ranks among the Top 30 world repositories. The studios, galleries and physical and digital collections of the College of Visual Arts and Design provide the resources for students to create and exhibit their best work. Apply Now Request Information UNT Preview Schedule a Visit Visit Us Honors College Sage Hall 257 Map Mail us University of North Texas Honors College 1155 Union Circle #310529 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us (940) 565-3305 E-mail: diana.dunklau@unt.edu Technical problems? Last updated Nov. 2, 2015 Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home 