 honors   advantage paying for college  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage paying for college  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage paying for college  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage paying for college  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage paying for college  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage paying for college  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage paying for college  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage paying for college  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage paying for college  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage paying for college  The Honors Advantage Honors College The   The Honors Advantage | Honors College | The University of North Texas Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT The Honors Advantage Home Support Faculty Research Paying for College Find Success Admissions To celebrate your graduation from UNT and the Honors College, you will be recognized individually and presented with an Honors Medallion to wear during university commencement. Honors College » The Honors Advantage » Paying for College The time is now The best is within your reach UNT has been named one of America’s 100 Best College Buys® for 20 consecutive years, a ranking based on having a high-achieving freshman class and affordable tuition. Above the rest for thousands less UNT’s new Eagle Express Tuition Plan lets you lock in your academic costs for four years, earn your bachelor’s degree sooner and save up to $3,000 when you graduate in four years. No other Texas university offers a more innovative solution to rising college costs. Paying for college About 75 percent of UNT students receive financial aid and scholarships totaling $330 million annually. This includes more than $39 million in scholarships. To receive first consideration, submit the FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid) before UNT’s March 15 priority deadline for scholarship consideration. (March 1 is the admissions priority deadline.) Scholarships for outstanding students We offer many merit-based scholarships to help the best and brightest find their place at UNT. Scholarships include the UNT Excellence, Honors College and Terry Scholars scholarships. The UNT Meritorious Scholarship for National Merit Finalists is valued at over $115,000 for Texas residents and $165,000 for non-Texas residents. Learn more about these and other scholarships offered to top students. Apply Now Request Information UNT Preview Schedule a Visit Visit Us Honors College Sage Hall 257 Map Mail us University of North Texas Honors College 1155 Union Circle #310529 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us (940) 565-3305 E-mail: diana.dunklau@unt.edu Technical problems? Last updated Nov. 3, 2015 Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home 