 honors   advantage find success  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage find success  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage find success  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage find success  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage find success  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage find success  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage find success  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage find success  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage find success  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage find success  The Honors Advantage Honors College The   The Honors Advantage | Honors College | The University of North Texas Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT The Honors Advantage Home Support Faculty Research Paying for College Find Success Admissions Ryan Bosca (’06, ’08 M.S.) is a medical researcher at the University of Wisconsin at Madison. Honors College » The Honors Advantage » Find Success Your journey begins here Take the first step UNT is located in Denton, a city of 123,000 people 40 miles north of Dallas-Fort Worth, one of the nation’s largest metropolitan areas. Named “the best college town in Texas,” Denton combines an active live music and art scene with a family-friendly hometown feel. Our rapidly growing North Texas region is rich in jobs, entertainment, culture, shopping and professional sports. CNN Money ranked Denton County as one of the nation’s Top 10 best places to live for job potential. Notable alumni of the UNT Honors College include: Matthew Alexander ('11), environmental history graduate student at Southern Methodist University Jonathan Dombrosky ('12), environmental archaeology graduate student at UNT Cameron Hernholm ('99), chief development officer at Resource Center Dallas Jody Huddleston ('10), environmental science doctoral student at UNT Vivek Jain ('06), senior program manager at Amazon.com Afshan Kamrudin ('09), medical anthropology graduate student at Southern Methodist University Jason Kirk ('02), auditor at Southwest Airlines David Lown ('00, '03 M.M.), jazz program director, Southlake Carroll High School Daniel Munro ('13), quantitative and computational biology graduate student at Princeton University Marcelo Ostria ('10, '11), public policy graduate student at the University of Oxford Dr. Blake Pankonien ('07), veterinarian in Frisco Dr. Rosalyn Reades ('02), emergency medicine physician at Methodist Hospital System Dallas Kristen Riewe ('06), store manager/buyer at Petticoat Fair Chip Somodevilla ('95), White House photographer for Getty Images Megan Van Groll ('08), social strategist at The Richards Group Aïda Wondwessen ('07), legal associate at Littler Mendelson P.C. Justin Wood ('09), senior operations specialist at HomeBridge Financial Services, Inc. Priscilla Ybarra ('97), assistant professor of English at UNT Drew Zaremba ('13), freelance musician Gregory M. Zarin ('00), managing attorney at Vanacour, Schuler, Zarin PLLC Apply Now Request Information UNT Preview Schedule a Visit Visit Us Honors College Sage Hall 257 Map Mail us University of North Texas Honors College 1155 Union Circle #310529 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us (940) 565-3305 E-mail: diana.dunklau@unt.edu Technical problems? Last updated Nov. 3, 2015 Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home 