 honors   advantage admissions  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage admissions  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage admissions  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage admissions  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage admissions  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage admissions  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage admissions  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage admissions  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage admissions  The Honors Advantage Honors College The  honors   advantage admissions  The Honors Advantage Honors College The   The Honors Advantage | Honors College | The University of North Texas Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT The Honors Advantage Home Support Faculty Research Paying for College Find Success Admissions Honors College » The Honors Advantage » Admissions Take the next steps for your success A gifted community of Honors scholars Honors College admission qualifications for new graduates from high school: A score of at least 1200 on the critical reading and math portions of the SAT or 27 on the ACT (written portion excluded) Consideration of GPA, class rank and high school courses taken Honors College admission qualifications for transfer students and continuing UNT students A cumulative GPA of at least 3.35 on at least 12 credits of college-level coursework taken as a full-time student Submission of college transcripts Apply for admission You must apply for admission to UNT and be accepted before you can apply for admission to the Honors College. Apply for admission to UNT and be accepted. You can apply as early as Aug. 1 of your senior year of high school. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis. Once you're accepted to UNT, apply for admission to the Honors College. Applications are reviewed continuously. Admissions Questions? Request Information UNT Preview Schedule a Visit Visit Us Honors College Sage Hall 257 Map Mail us University of North Texas Honors College 1155 Union Circle #310529 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us (940) 565-3305 E-mail: diana.dunklau@unt.edu Technical problems? Last updated Feb. 4, 2015 Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home 