 social   Official  Social Media Channels Social Media  social   Official  Social Media Channels Social Media  social   Official  Social Media Channels Social Media  social   Official  Social Media Channels Social Media  social   Official  Social Media Channels Social Media  social   Official  Social Media Channels Social Media  social   Official  Social Media Channels Social Media  social   Official  Social Media Channels Social Media  social   Official  Social Media Channels Social Media  social   Official  Social Media Channels Social Media   Official UNT Social Media Channels | Social Media @ UNT Jump to Navigation skip Quick Links MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Social Media @ UNT HomeSocial media home Social Media DirectoryMore UNT social media channels Our BeliefsUNT's 5 Core Social Media Beliefs Join the Network...(UNT's Private Facebook App by Uversity) Connect with other students based on your major, dorm, graduating class or hometown. Meet other students who are fans of your favorite bands, TV shows, movies, or teams. Begin a conversation, ask questions, get help and answers from university faculty and staff quickly. Make close friends even if you come from far away. Once you've been admitted, go to the UNT Facebook app to join. Official UNT Social Media Channels Submitted by Anonymous on Mon, 08/29/2011 - 10:17 Visit us on Facebook Stay connected with the entire UNT community on Facebook. Follow us on Twitter Find out what's happening on campus, receive the latest UNT news and updates. Watch us on YouTube View and share videos, leave comments, subscribe to our channel or playlists and see all the exciting things going on at UNT. See us on Instagram Check out our pictures of the university and campus events, and share your photos of your Mean Green life. Contact Information: University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Phone: (940) 565-2000 People & Departments Email us: Undergraduate admissions Graduate admissions International admissions Housing information For questions about content in this web site, contact urcm@unt.edu. UNT System: UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 