 international   isss newly admitted international students Newly Admitted International Students  International international   isss newly admitted international students Newly Admitted International Students  International international   isss newly admitted international students Newly Admitted International Students  International international   isss newly admitted international students Newly Admitted International Students  International international   isss newly admitted international students Newly Admitted International Students  International international   isss newly admitted international students Newly Admitted International Students  International international   isss newly admitted international students Newly Admitted International Students  International international   isss newly admitted international students Newly Admitted International Students  International international   isss newly admitted international students Newly Admitted International Students  International international   isss newly admitted international students Newly Admitted International Students  International  Newly Admitted International Students | UNT International Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now ISSS Menu » Home » Home Executive Order Updates Optional Practical Training International Sash Ceremony Forms New Students » New Students International Student Orientation International Admissions Financial Requirements Current Students Scholars Faculty and Staff Frequently Asked Questions About Us » About Us Staff Biographies International Student Stats Contact Us UNT International China Advisory Council Menu » Search form Search UNT International MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas UNT International ISSS Menu HomeExecutive Order Updates Optional Practical Training International Sash Ceremony Forms New StudentsFinancial Requirements International Admissions International Student Orientation Current Students Scholars Faculty and Staff Frequently Asked Questions About UsInternational Student Stats Staff Biographies Contact Us UNT International Newly Admitted International Students HOW DO I ATTEND THE UNIVERSITY OF NORTH TEXAS? Have you applied yet?  Visit the International Admissions page to apply.  Here's what to expect after applying for admission and how to check your international application status. Once you have been accepted and admitted to a program, move on to the next step.   Congratulations on your admission to the University of North Texas.  International Student and Scholar Services is here to assist you in navigating the complex United States immigration system. Log into your MyUNT account. Your To Do list will include information and documents our office may need from you. Once you log in, click on “Student Center.”  Your To Do List will be on the right side of the page.  Click on each item listed to view more information. If you plan to study here on an F-1 visa and need an I-20 from UNT, please read Financial Requirements for International Students to learn in detail about how much funding you will need and what type of documentation is acceptable.   Our office will be notified once you have been accepted into a program AND all required documentation has been submitted.  Please allow at least 5 business days for document evaluation. During this time, please continue to check your MyUNT To Do List and the email account on file with UNT for any additional information requirements. Prospective F-1 visa students will receive an email once their I-20 has been issued.  This information includes how to receive the I-20, the student’s SEVIS ID and the UNT SEVIS school code. All new F-1 and J-1 Students must attend a mandatory International Student Orientation to be eligible to register for classes. Prospective international students planning to attend UNT on another visa type must meet additional specific requirements.   All new F-1 and J-1 Students must attend International Student Orientation.  Please see the International Center’s website for current information about orientation. Financial Requirements for F-1 Students Students planning to attend UNT on an F-1 visa who need an I-20 from UNT must show financial support for their studies in order for UNT to issue an I-20.  The Financial Requirements for International Students page outlines the minimum financial requirements and acceptable document types which applicants may submit.  The information there will also assist you in completing the International Student Statement of Responsibility. Please note that the International Student and Scholar Services office CANNOT evaluate documents until an applicant is admitted AND all immigration-related documents listed on the MyUNT To Do List have been completed by the UNT Admissions office.  Please allow at least 5 business days for us to receive and evaluate your documents. Other questions about financial requirements?  Please visit our Financial Documentation Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) page. Information for Other Visa Types Students attending UNT on another visa type do not have to attend International Student Orientation, but are required to complete Immigration Document Check-In. Please visit our page for students with these visa types. Information for F-1 Transfer Students If you are currently studying at another school in the U.S. on an F-1 visa, there are additional steps that you must take so that we can issue your I-20. Once you are admitted and decide to attend UNT, please begin the below process promptly: You notify the school you are currently attending that you have been admitted to UNT. You will need to show your UNT admission letter to the immigration advisor at your current school. Your current school will release your electronic SEVIS record to UNT Denton (school code DAL214F00610000).  Please note that UNT does not require a Transfer Clearance form prior to SEVIS release. If your advisor has information they feel we should know about your immigration record, please have them send an email to I20@unt.edu. UNT will receive your record through SEVIS. If all required documents are on file, UNT will issue you a new I-20. We will email you once the I-20 is ready and you may pick this I-20 up from our office (Marquis Hall Room 110), or we can mail it to you. You must have a new I-20 before you can register for classes at UNT. Have additional questions?  Please visit our Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) for transfer students. Information for Late Arrivals Arriving later than the start date listed on your I-20?  Please read the information located here. Resources Additional resources that you might find helpful are listed below: I-20 Reprint Request for Newly-Admitted Students International Student Statement of Financial Responsibility Affidavit of Provision of Room and Meals by U.S. Provider Receiving your I-20 through eShipGlobal ISSS Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) International Student Orientation Process International Student Organizations Toulouse Graduate School Resources for New & Current Students Airport Super Shuttle Parent Sponsor Program UNT International Admissions Visit Us Marquis Hall 1511 West Mulberry Street Marquis Hall, Room 105 Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle, #311067 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-565-2197 amanda.guccione@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 