s international   isss how contact international student scholar services How to Contact International Student Scholar Services  Internationals international   isss how contact international student scholar services How to Contact International Student Scholar Services  Internationals international   isss how contact international student scholar services How to Contact International Student Scholar Services  Internationals international   isss how contact international student scholar services How to Contact International Student Scholar Services  Internationals international   isss how contact international student scholar services How to Contact International Student Scholar Services  Internationals international   isss how contact international student scholar services How to Contact International Student Scholar Services  Internationals international   isss how contact international student scholar services How to Contact International Student Scholar Services  Internationals international   isss how contact international student scholar services How to Contact International Student Scholar Services  Internationals international   isss how contact international student scholar services How to Contact International Student Scholar Services  Internationals international   isss how contact international student scholar services How to Contact International Student Scholar Services  International  How to Contact International Student & Scholar Services | UNT International Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now ISSS Menu » Home » Home Executive Order Updates Optional Practical Training International Sash Ceremony Forms New Students » New Students International Student Orientation International Admissions Financial Requirements Current Students Scholars Faculty and Staff Frequently Asked Questions About Us » About Us Staff Biographies International Student Stats Contact Us UNT International China Advisory Council Menu » Search form Search UNT International MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas UNT International ISSS Menu HomeExecutive Order Updates Optional Practical Training International Sash Ceremony Forms New StudentsFinancial Requirements International Admissions International Student Orientation Current Students Scholars Faculty and Staff Frequently Asked Questions About UsInternational Student Stats Staff Biographies Contact Us UNT International How to Contact International Student & Scholar Services Admissions Questions Check the admissions website.   Check your international application status here.  Newly Admitted Student Questions SEVIS & Visa Questions- Please see Frequently Asked Questions for information about the SEVIS fee and obtaining a visa. I-20 Issuance- The admissions offices take in all documents related to the I-20 issuance process and then once a student is admitted, these documents are made available to our office for processing.  Find more detailed information under When will your I-20 be ready?  Do you have questions about something listed on your To Do List? Check your email for any additional information that we may have sent about required documentation.  If you have questions, contact our office via one of the methods listed below. Current Student Questions If you’d like to speak with an immigration advisor, please come in or call during our walk-in/call-in advising hours listed below. Current and Prospective J-1 Scholars If you’d like to speak with an immigration advisor, please come in or call during our walk-in/call-in advising hours listed below. You may also email us at jinfo@unt.edu. UNT Departments Seeking to Hire a Foreign National Please see the Faculty and Staff page, and then contact our office or email internationaladvising@unt.edu with any questions. International Student & Scholar Services Contact InformationWalk-in/Call-in Advising HoursMondays through Thursdays: 9:30-11:30am & 1:30-4:30pm Fridays: 9:00am-12:00pm  Our office will be open from 8:00am-5:00pm, Monday through Friday for document pick-ups and to accept normal requests, however advisors will only be available during the times listed above.  During Walk-in/Call-in Advising Hours An advisor will be able to speak with you about your immigration-related questions.  As our front desk staff are not immigration advisors and are not trained to answer complex immigration questions, please check the walk-in/call-in advising hours ahead of time to ensure that an immigration advisor will be available to assist you, should you need immigration advice. Making an Appointment with an Advisor: Most immigration related questions should be addressed during Walk-in/Call-in Advising Hours. However, should you have questions about Change of Status or Reinstatement applications, please email us at internationaladvising@unt.edu in order to make an appointment with an advisor. Our advisors will not be able to discuss Change of Status or Reinstatement applications as walk-in questions as these applications are complex and usually take more than 15 minutes to fully discuss. Please check our Facebook page for any last minute changes to our office hours or advising hours.  Please note that we will be closed on days the University is closed as indicated on the current Academic Calendar. Office Locations International Student Advising Center Marquis Hall, Room 110 Administrative Services Office Marquis Hall, Room 125Telephone: 940-565-2195Fax: 940-565-4145 Current Students internationaladvising@unt.edu Newly Admitted Students I20@unt.edu Visit Us Marquis Hall 1511 West Mulberry Street Marquis Hall, Room 105 Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle, #311067 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-565-2197 amanda.guccione@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 