 international   ieli intensive english program options Intensive English Program Options  International international   ieli intensive english program options Intensive English Program Options  International international   ieli intensive english program options Intensive English Program Options  International international   ieli intensive english program options Intensive English Program Options  International international   ieli intensive english program options Intensive English Program Options  International international   ieli intensive english program options Intensive English Program Options  International international   ieli intensive english program options Intensive English Program Options  International international   ieli intensive english program options Intensive English Program Options  International international   ieli intensive english program options Intensive English Program Options  International international   ieli intensive english program options Intensive English Program Options  International  Intensive English Program Options | UNT International Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now IELI Menu » Home » Home Administration & Staff Faculty Marquis Hall Term Calendar Language & Culture Programs » Language & Culture Programs Academic English American Culture and Communication Program Customized Programs Pathway Programs Pronunciation and Accent Reduction ITA Training Teacher Training Tuition & Fees » Tuition & Fees Housing Rates UNT Meal Plans Apply Now » Apply Now How to Apply Before You Arrive Late Arrival Request Update/Withdrawal Request Student Services » Student Services Airport Pick-Up Request Conversation Partners Advising Student Organizations UNT Home Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us UNT International China Advisory Council Menu » Search form Search UNT International MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas UNT International IELI Menu HomeAdministration & Staff Faculty Marquis Hall Term Calendar Language & Culture ProgramsAcademic English American Culture and Communication Program Customized Programs Pathway Programs Pronunciation and Accent Reduction ITA Training Teacher Training Tuition & FeesHousing Rates UNT Meal Plans Apply NowHow to Apply Before You Arrive Late Arrival Request Update/Withdrawal Request Student ServicesAirport Pick-Up Request Conversation Partners Advising Student Organizations UNT Home Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us UNT International University of North Texas founded the Intensive English Language Institute in 1977. Over the course of 40 years, the Intensive English Language Institute has developed prestigious programs to help international students learn, develop and improve their academic skills in English.  Classrooms are conveniently located on the UNT campus in the lively city of Denton, Texas, approximately 30 minutes north of the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport. Many students choose to continue their education at UNT and enroll in the College of Engineering, College of Business, and College of Arts and Sciences.  ADVANTAGES Standardized curriculum aligns well with UNT's expectations and goals. Prepares students for university success. The Institute offers conditional admission to many UNT undergraduate and graduate degree programs. Offices and classrooms centrally located in Marquis Hall.  Safety, wellness and happiness are of the utmost importance.  (5) 8-week terms are held throughout the year. Students may begin in January, March, June, August, or October. IELI's Pre-Master's programs with the College of Business and College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism offer two start dates. ​Denton is an ideal place to live and study. ACCREDITATION  The Intensive English Language Institute academic program has been accredited by the Commission on English Language Program Accreditation (CEA) since 2005 and was recently reaccredited until 2025. Commission on English Language Program Accreditation 1001 N. Fairfax Street, Suite 630 Alexandria, VA 22314 (703) 665-3400 The Intensive English Language Institute is also a member in good standing of the consortium of University and College Intensive English Programs (UCIEP) and the American Association of Intensive English Programs (AAIEP). The University of North Texas is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges.  ACADEMIC ENGLISH Academic English courses prepare international students for university success. The program includes 7 levels (0-6) and offers five 8-week sessions per year. Highly qualified teachers provide 23 hours of instruction each week. This program is ideal for students who want to study at the University of North Texas or other universities in the United States.  PATHWAY PROGRAMS Pathway programs offer conditional admission to UNT while students finish their final term at IELI.  INTERNATIONAL TEACHING ASSISTANTS TRAININGThis 10-week program helps international Teaching Assistants and Teaching Fellows to develop English speaking and teaching skills in the American classroom.  COLLABORATIONS Programs include teaching and training both in Denton or Abroad.  APPLYING IS EASY   Visit Us Marquis Hall 1511 West Mulberry Street Marquis Hall, Room 105 Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle, #311067 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-565-2197 amanda.guccione@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 