s research   research spotlight Research Spotlight Research and Innovations research   research spotlight Research Spotlight Research and Innovations research   research spotlight Research Spotlight Research and Innovations research   research spotlight Research Spotlight Research and Innovations research   research spotlight Research Spotlight Research and Innovations research   research spotlight Research Spotlight Research and Innovations research   research spotlight Research Spotlight Research and Innovations research   research spotlight Research Spotlight Research and Innovations research   research spotlight Research Spotlight Research and Innovations research   research spotlight Research Spotlight Research and Innovation  Research Spotlight | Research and Innovation Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty Resources » Faculty Resources MC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts Administration » Office of Grants & Contracts Administration Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) » Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) Step 1 : Request a Grants and Contracts Specialist (GCS) Step 2 : Electronic proposal routing / Cayuse SP Step 3 : Optional for Grants.gov only / Cayuse 424 Cayuse FAQs Cayuse Help Cayuse Contacts Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) Guidelines Limited Submissions Process » Limited Submissions Process Limited Submissions Funding Opportunities FAQ Research Integrity & Compliance » Research Integrity & Compliance Use of Humans in Research (IRB) Use of Animals in Research (IACUC) Financial Conflict of Interest Export Controls Research Integrity Research Misconduct Federal Regulations Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization About Us » About Us Reports & Statistics » Reports & Statistics Previous Fiscal Years Current Fiscal Year Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People Search form Search Research and Innovation MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of Research and Innovation Research and Innovation Main menu Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty ResourcesMC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts Administration Research Integrity & Compliance Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization About UsReports & Statistics Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People Research Spotlight Think: Security Government and industry leaders are searching for better ways to secure industry, individuals — and our world. Collaboration: The key to big breakthroughs in the 21st century Innovation is a key mantra of building bold visions of the 21st century. It is different from “invention,” which most often is associated with an individual discovery. This was certainly true in the early 20th century. As engineered systems and technology evolved to a higher level of complexity and the missions became bolder (landing a man on the moon!), collaborative efforts emerged as the pathway to big dreams. First Ph.D. in sciences awarded in 1967 North Texas State University, now UNT, conferred its first doctorate in the sciences in 1967 when Linda Truitt Creagh, right, earned her Ph.D. in chemistry. Studying under her father, Price Truitt, she used a new tool, a nuclear magnetic resonance instrument, to study physical organic chemistry in new ways. Innovator Awards New ideas. New devices. New processes. New methods. Innovation is all of these. Different from invention, innovation is not focused on creating a new product. More often, innovation is centered in creativity. It involves taking a creative approach to something known, something done, and giving it new life — thus, a new audience or a new market. The emphasis on innovation at UNT transcends any one area of study, or department, or school. It breaks down walls and silos, allowing for creativity across multiple disciplines — thus dynamic outcomes. Design thinking When researchers combine their expertise in various disciplines to solve a problem, they find more practical answers than if they work alone. Their solutions transcend any one field, and the team of problem solvers can adapt to industry needs. UNT is at the forefront of collaboration — looking at the world in new ways, and pushing progress beyond invention to innovation. Think: NextGen materials Industry is searching for materials and manufacturing solutions that bring more efficient and competitive products, and UNT scientists are leading the creation, application and characterization of new materials for the 21st century. Special report: The maker culture Design thinking When visiting UNT, you can experience the maker culture across campus from The Factory at the UNT Libraries to the Digital Fabrication Lab (FabLab) in UNT’s Art Building, and beyond. Much discussion, review and research has been devoted to makerspace. While interesting, it misses the bigger point. Think: Biobased solutions BY: TANYA O’NEIL Case study: Tannins discovery From the cosmetics industry to the medical field to agriculture to energy production, the growing and evolving bioeconomy touches a wide variety of industries set on providing biobased products and solutions for today’s world. New data transfer technology A major new project is underway that is expected to help solve a critical problem in nuclear engineering — transmitting data from sensors inside thick nuclear fuel canisters to data processing centers. UNT presents inaugural Innovator Awards Four UNT innovators in biology, chemistry and geographical information systems earned UNT’s inaugural Innovator Award from the Office of Research and Innovation UNT doctoral students tackle the newest threats in cybersecurity The University of North Texas is the only university in the country to receive National Science Foundation funding of more than $1 million for a Scholarship for Service program exclusive to Ph.D. students studying cybersecurity. A more durable material for the power industry New research published in Nature is challenging a theory that is more than 50 years old and could change how some materials are designed in the future. In a disaster Since Hurricane Katrina exposed many flaws in the nation’s emergency response a little more than a decade ago, Gary Webb, professor and chair of UNT’s Department of Emergency Management and Disaster Science, says researchers have identified many improvements since then. Leading cybersecurity research UNT’s Center for Information and Computer Security is a hub for interdisciplinary programs and research from business, criminal justice and engineering that focuses on network security and human behavior in relation to cybersecurity. Retracing Darwin’s footsteps Cape Horn, on Chile’s southern tip, features some of the most diverse and plentiful biological systems in the world. Its pristine landscape invites the same type of exploration, discovery, thought and innovation that inspired naturalist and geologist Charles Darwin. Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Hurley Admin Building, Room 210 Mail Us Office of Research and Innovation 1155 Union Circle P.O. Box 310979 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-369-7428 UNTResearch@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 