s research   researchers Our Research Research and Innovations research   researchers Our Research Research and Innovations research   researchers Our Research Research and Innovations research   researchers Our Research Research and Innovations research   researchers Our Research Research and Innovations research   researchers Our Research Research and Innovations research   researchers Our Research Research and Innovations research   researchers Our Research Research and Innovations research   researchers Our Research Research and Innovations research   researchers Our Research Research and Innovation  Our Research | Research and Innovation Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty Resources » Faculty Resources MC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts Administration » Office of Grants & Contracts Administration Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) » Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) Step 1 : Request a Grants and Contracts Specialist (GCS) Step 2 : Electronic proposal routing / Cayuse SP Step 3 : Optional for Grants.gov only / Cayuse 424 Cayuse FAQs Cayuse Help Cayuse Contacts Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) Guidelines Limited Submissions Process » Limited Submissions Process Limited Submissions Funding Opportunities FAQ Research Integrity & Compliance » Research Integrity & Compliance Use of Humans in Research (IRB) Use of Animals in Research (IACUC) Financial Conflict of Interest Export Controls Research Integrity Research Misconduct Federal Regulations Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization About Us » About Us Reports & Statistics » Reports & Statistics Previous Fiscal Years Current Fiscal Year Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People Search form Search Research and Innovation MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of Research and Innovation Research and Innovation Main menu Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty ResourcesMC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts Administration Research Integrity & Compliance Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization About UsReports & Statistics Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People Our Research Preserving the fabric of a nation A UNT researcher is developing digital technology to detect flaws in fabric at domestic textile mills – saving companies time and money. Helping visually impaired students learn computer science Using her understanding of what difficulties middle and high school students with visual impairments face when studying computing, she created curriculum and tools to help them overcome the obstacles. What we've learned from the Gulf oil spill If the parents of fish are exposed to oil, the next generation has an increased resistance to oil. However, this resistance may only last a few generations and go away when all the spilled oil is finally gone.  Child Development Lab expands its research capabilities The UNT Child Development Laboratory has increased the opportunities for students to research the growth, development, learning and engagement of children. Helping create the next generation of Army tactical shelters  UNT is part of a collaboration to make the next generation of tactical shelters for the U.S. Army. Synthetic imprinted polymers recognized by DNA A UNT chemist is part of an international team that imprinted a sequence of a single strand DNA using a polymer matrix. Making a cotton plant easier to harvest, more profitable A field full of planted cotton, all bolls ready to harvest at the same time, all exactly when wanted: It’s a farmer’s dream and could soon become a reality. UNT institute part of a $20 million grant to research new ways to keep soldiers safe One of UNT's Institutes of Research Excellence is part of a new cooperative agreement established by the Army Research Laboratory.  UNT researcher studying air pollution and your risk for heart attack stroke Every year, nearly three million deaths are linked to outdoor air pollution. Many of those deaths are due to cardiovascular disease or stroke, and now a UNT assistant professor of Biological Sciences, Amie Lund, is researching that connection. Mutation linked to prostate cancer Chemists have identified a novel mutation that may be associated with prostate cancer in African American men. Strengthening walls, saving lives Researchers are creating walls that will stand up to disasters, with hopes of saving homes and lives. Improving superconductive wire UNT researcher Marcus Young is collaborating with industry leaders and researchers around the country to improve the manufacturing process of superconductive wires. At the forefront of genomics A new state-of-the-art laboratory at the University of North Texas will advance next-generation research in genomics, one of the fastest-growing fields in modern science. Think water quality The quality of water matters. Declining quality poses challenges in meeting drinking water standards. UNT understands water quality.  Prairie restoration UNT researchers and their dedicated students work year-round in the Lewisville Lake Environmental Learning Area (LLELA) — an incredible field lab — researching and restoring these sensitive ecosystems. Pages1234next ›last » Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Hurley Admin Building, Room 210 Mail Us Office of Research and Innovation 1155 Union Circle P.O. Box 310979 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-369-7428 UNTResearch@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 