 success   find support Find support Succeed at  success   find support Find support Succeed at  success   find support Find support Succeed at  success   find support Find support Succeed at  success   find support Find support Succeed at  success   find support Find support Succeed at  success   find support Find support Succeed at  success   find support Find support Succeed at  success   find support Find support Succeed at  success   find support Find support Succeed at   Find support. | Succeed at UNT Skip to main content Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Search form Search Succeed at UNT "It’s okay to ask for help! Whether it’s from your professors, TA or any other campus resource, everyone really wants you to succeed." — Shayleigh Ward,theatre senior Find support. Home Show up. Find support. Get advised. Be prepared. Get involved. Stay focused. Find support. Everyone needs help sometimes and at UNT, there’s plenty to go around. Need tutoring? UNT's Learning Center offers online tutoring and supplemental instruction. Hurt or feeling sick? Visit UNT’s Health Center, which offers free and low cost services for students. For even more support: Spend some time at the Math Lab Get legal advice Discover programs designed to help first generation college students Tackle tough classes with help from a student who earned an "A" in the class Keep your pearly whites in great shape with the UNT Dental Office Get substance abuse help Receive individual or couples counseling Talk to someone with Seeking Options and Solutions before you decide to withdraw Find out how the Office of Disability Accommodation can help with your learning disability Get technical help through the University IT help desk Explore services for veterans Find out about the safety programs offered by the UNT Police Department Resolve housing issues the right way with tips from the UNT Housing Handbook Contact Information University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Phone: 940-565-2000People & Departments Email Us Undergraduate admissions Graduate admissions International admissions Housing information For questions about content in this website, contact urcm@unt.edu. UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: May 06, 2013 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 