 success   get advised Get advised Succeed at  success   get advised Get advised Succeed at  success   get advised Get advised Succeed at  success   get advised Get advised Succeed at  success   get advised Get advised Succeed at  success   get advised Get advised Succeed at  success   get advised Get advised Succeed at  success   get advised Get advised Succeed at  success   get advised Get advised Succeed at  success   get advised Get advised Succeed at   Get advised. | Succeed at UNT Skip to main content Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Search form Search Succeed at UNT "I have a degree plan that I know will be fulfilling for me and it’s all because I continually get advised. Anytime I’ve had questions, I’ve been able to depend on my advisors to help." — David Montalvo,sociology, history and integrative studies senior Get advised. Home Show up. Find support. Get advised. Be prepared. Get involved. Stay focused. Get advised. Explore and achieve your goals. Meet with your advisor for help choosing the right courses to stay on track to graduation. Take advantage of expert advice to find the right career and manage your seconds and your cents. Learn how advising helps support your academic success and professional development. Schedule an appointment with your advisor: College of Arts and Sciences College of Business College of Education College of Engineering College of Information Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism College of Merchandising, Hospitality and Tourism College of Music College of Public Affairs and Community Service College of Visual Arts and Design Honors College To set the course for your success: Explore your options for choosing a major Check out everything the UNT libraries offer Learn more about the ways UNT helps you afford your degree Know when to register for classes Consider a work study job to help pay for expenses Discover how taking more classes can save you money Contact Information University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Phone: 940-565-2000People & Departments Email Us Undergraduate admissions Graduate admissions International admissions Housing information For questions about content in this website, contact urcm@unt.edu. UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: May 06, 2013 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 