 success   be prepared Be prepared Succeed at  success   be prepared Be prepared Succeed at  success   be prepared Be prepared Succeed at  success   be prepared Be prepared Succeed at  success   be prepared Be prepared Succeed at  success   be prepared Be prepared Succeed at  success   be prepared Be prepared Succeed at  success   be prepared Be prepared Succeed at  success   be prepared Be prepared Succeed at  success   be prepared Be prepared Succeed at   Be prepared. | Succeed at UNT Skip to main content Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Search form Search Succeed at UNT “For me, being prepared means working to get the most out of each class. If there is assigned reading, I make sure that I have read and understand the material and am ready to discuss it.” — Bryce Newcomer,music performance and music theory junior Be prepared. Home Show up. Find support. Get advised. Be prepared. Get involved. Stay focused. Be prepared. Do your homework before you go to class. Study, because the tests won’t take themselves. To manage a college-size workload: Buy or rent your textbooks through Barnes & Noble at UNT Conquer your class work with a speed reading class Learn time management techniques Sharpen your writing skills Make copies for a class presentation Find a UNT computer lab near you Improve your study skills Check out a laptop or other device from the library Log-on to your EagleConnect account to keep up with email Contact Information University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Phone: 940-565-2000People & Departments Email Us Undergraduate admissions Graduate admissions International admissions Housing information For questions about content in this website, contact urcm@unt.edu. UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: May 06, 2013 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 