 success   get involved Get involved Succeed at  success   get involved Get involved Succeed at  success   get involved Get involved Succeed at  success   get involved Get involved Succeed at  success   get involved Get involved Succeed at  success   get involved Get involved Succeed at  success   get involved Get involved Succeed at  success   get involved Get involved Succeed at  success   get involved Get involved Succeed at  success   get involved Get involved Succeed at   Get involved. | Succeed at UNT Skip to main content Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Search form Search Succeed at UNT “Getting involved on campus has helped me gain lifelong friends. It also will help me after I graduate because it shows that I am multi-dimensional and work well with others.” — Walker Burns,kinesiology junior Get involved. Home Show up. Find support. Get advised. Be prepared. Get involved. Stay focused. Get involved. College means new people, new places and new perspectives. If you’re willing to step outside your comfort zone and get involved, you can benefit from everything a university has to offer. Explore your campus and community to discover the wonderful, the weird and everything in between. To continue your education outside of the classroom: Gain friends and new experiences through one of UNT’s 400 student organizations Find out what’s going on around campus Get a global perspective with a study abroad program Learn about internship opportunities Make your voice heard in student government Discover how you can live with students who share the same major or interest Take part in community service Plan a new adventure with the Outdoor Pursuits program Make new friends on an intramural sports team Consider joining a fraternity or sorority Discover what Denton has to offer Connect with other students through UNT’s private social network Show your school spirit at a UNT sporting event Discover other cultures through the Multicultural Center Contact Information University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Phone: 940-565-2000People & Departments Email Us Undergraduate admissions Graduate admissions International admissions Housing information For questions about content in this website, contact urcm@unt.edu. UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: May 06, 2013 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 