 writinglab   welcome  writing lab Welcome to the  Writing Lab  Writing Lab writinglab   welcome  writing lab Welcome to the  Writing Lab  Writing Lab writinglab   welcome  writing lab Welcome to the  Writing Lab  Writing Lab writinglab   welcome  writing lab Welcome to the  Writing Lab  Writing Lab writinglab   welcome  writing lab Welcome to the  Writing Lab  Writing Lab writinglab   welcome  writing lab Welcome to the  Writing Lab  Writing Lab writinglab   welcome  writing lab Welcome to the  Writing Lab  Writing Lab writinglab   welcome  writing lab Welcome to the  Writing Lab  Writing Lab writinglab   welcome  writing lab Welcome to the  Writing Lab  Writing Lab writinglab   welcome  writing lab Welcome to the  Writing Lab  Writing Lab  Welcome to the UNT Writing Lab! | UNT Writing Lab Skip to main content MyUNT Blackboard Find People at UNT View Maps of UNT Give to UNT Apply online College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences UNT Writing Lab HomeOur ServicesUndergraduate TutoringGraduate TutoringOnline TutoringResourcesWorkshopsLatest NewsOur Blog Home Welcome to the UNT Writing Lab! Our Services Undergraduate Tutoring Graduate Tutoring Online Tutoring Welcome to the UNT Writing Lab! At the UNT Writing Lab, we offer free writing tutoring to all currently enrolled UNT students in all disciplines and at all stages of their academic careers--from English composition students to graduate students writing theses and dissertations. We do more than merely proofread; we teach you strategies and techniques to improve your writing for the long term. We offer the following: Undergraduate students receive 30 minutes of one-on-one tutoring at Sage Hall, Room 152 Undergraduate students receive 30 minutes of one-on-one tutoring at Willis Library, Room 250H (walk-ins only) Undergraduate students receive 30 minutes of one-on-one tutoring using our online tutoring service (must schedule 24 hours in advance) Graduate students receive 1 hour of one-on-one tutoring at Sage Hall, Room 152 Graduate students receive 1 hour of one-on-one tutoring using our online tutoring service (must schedule 24 hours in advance) Engineering graduate students receive 1 hour of one-on-one tutoring at Discovery Park Library B112 You may have only one one-on-one tutoring session per day. For best results, bring your professor's requirements for the assignment with you. Our sessions start on the hour and on the half hour. We accept both appointments and walk-ins at our Sage Hall, Room 152 location. However, to ensure time with a tutor, we recommend setting an appointment. To make an appointment, you may Come see us at the Writing Lab in Sage Hall, Room 152 Call us at 940.565.2563 Our Sage Hall, Room 152 Hours for Fall and Spring Monday--Thursday | 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. (walk-ins only from 5 p.m. to 9 p.m.) Friday | 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Our Willis Library, Room 250H Hours for Fall and Spring Sunday | 3 p.m. to 9 p.m. (walk-ins only) Monday--Thursday | 5 p.m. to 9 p.m. (walk-ins only) Our Online Appointments Hours for Fall and Spring Follow the instructions here to set up an online appointment. Monday--Thursday | 9:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. (must schedule 24 hours in advance) Friday | 9:30 a.m. to 3 p.m. (must schedule 24 hours in advance) Finals week hours subject to change; please check our Facebook page for finals week hours. Thinking about UNT? It's easy to apply online. Join us and discover why we're the choice of over 37,000 students. Apply now Contact Us 940.565.2563 WritingLab@unt.edu Visit Us Sage Hall 152 Send Us Mail 1155 Union Circle #305298 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences View departments Get advising University of North Texas Explore our degrees Take a tour Get financial aid Apply online Find a person Register for classes Follow UNT on social media Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Statement Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline Governors Committee on People with Disabilities Texas Veterans Portal UNT Home 