 writinglab   graduate tutoring Graduate Tutoring  Writing Lab writinglab   graduate tutoring Graduate Tutoring  Writing Lab writinglab   graduate tutoring Graduate Tutoring  Writing Lab writinglab   graduate tutoring Graduate Tutoring  Writing Lab writinglab   graduate tutoring Graduate Tutoring  Writing Lab writinglab   graduate tutoring Graduate Tutoring  Writing Lab writinglab   graduate tutoring Graduate Tutoring  Writing Lab writinglab   graduate tutoring Graduate Tutoring  Writing Lab writinglab   graduate tutoring Graduate Tutoring  Writing Lab writinglab   graduate tutoring Graduate Tutoring  Writing Lab  Graduate Tutoring | UNT Writing Lab Skip to main content MyUNT Blackboard Find People at UNT View Maps of UNT Give to UNT Apply online College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences UNT Writing Lab HomeOur ServicesUndergraduate TutoringGraduate TutoringOnline TutoringResourcesWorkshopsLatest NewsOur Blog Home Our Services Graduate Tutoring Our Services Undergraduate Tutoring Graduate Tutoring Online Tutoring Graduate Tutoring Graduate students needing help with course papers, publications, a thesis, or a dissertation may contact our graduate tutors at GradWriting@unt.edu to set up an appointment. We do more than merely proofread; we teach you strategies and techniques to improve your writing for the long term. To make the most of your tutoring session, please indicate what you would like to work on during your appointment. Our Graduate Tutors Click on each tutor's name to learn more about her professional background. Allyson Jones | Ph.D. candidate in English and creative writing Julie Saffel | Ph.D. candidate in English with a focus in post-World War II American literature The tutor will meet with you in Sage Hall 152. If you would like to schedule an appointment for our online tutoring service, please follow these instructions. Graduate Tutor Hours--Spring 2017 Our graduate tutors also attend the Eagle Thesis and Dissertation Boot Camp sessions. Writing Lab @ Discovery Park Graduate Tutor Engineering graduate students may contact us at 940.565.2563 or email us at WritingLab-DP@unt.edu to set up an appointment with our Discovery Park tutor. The tutor will meet with you in the Discovery Park Library, B112. Click on the tutor's name to learn more about her professional background. Evaline Blair | Master's candidate in linguistics Samantha Evans | Master's candidate in art education Graduate Tutor at Discovery Park Hours--Spring 2017 Thinking about UNT? It's easy to apply online. Join us and discover why we're the choice of over 37,000 students. Apply now Contact Us 940.565.2563 WritingLab@unt.edu Visit Us Sage Hall 152 Send Us Mail 1155 Union Circle #305298 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences View departments Get advising University of North Texas Explore our degrees Take a tour Get financial aid Apply online Find a person Register for classes Follow UNT on social media Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Statement Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline Governors Committee on People with Disabilities Texas Veterans Portal UNT Home 