 writinglab   online tutoring Online Tutoring  Writing Lab writinglab   online tutoring Online Tutoring  Writing Lab writinglab   online tutoring Online Tutoring  Writing Lab writinglab   online tutoring Online Tutoring  Writing Lab writinglab   online tutoring Online Tutoring  Writing Lab writinglab   online tutoring Online Tutoring  Writing Lab writinglab   online tutoring Online Tutoring  Writing Lab writinglab   online tutoring Online Tutoring  Writing Lab writinglab   online tutoring Online Tutoring  Writing Lab writinglab   online tutoring Online Tutoring  Writing Lab  Online Tutoring | UNT Writing Lab Skip to main content MyUNT Blackboard Find People at UNT View Maps of UNT Give to UNT Apply online College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences UNT Writing Lab HomeOur ServicesUndergraduate TutoringGraduate TutoringOnline TutoringResourcesWorkshopsLatest NewsOur Blog Home Our Services Online Tutoring Our Services Undergraduate Tutoring Graduate Tutoring Online Tutoring Online Tutoring We offer online tutoring through UNT's GoToMeeting portal. From this website, you and a tutor can share and mark your paper while chatting live. Our online tutoring service allows you to discuss a paper or to ask questions from the comfort of your own home or office--anywhere you have an internet connection. Online tutoring is ideal for UNT students who live a long distance from our Denton campus or who cannot physically come to our Sage Hall location. You must schedule an appointment for online tutoring at least 24 hours in advance. You must also submit a digital copy of your paper 24 hours in advance of your tutoring session so that the tutor has time to read your paper before your session begins. Online tutoring sessions last 30 minutes for undergraduate students; graduate students receive 1 hour online tutoring sessions. Online tutoring is available Monday through Thursday from 9:30 a.m. until 4:00 p.m. Friday from 9:30 a.m. until 3:00 p.m. You can log on from your home or office for an online, live, interactive tutoring session. You and your tutor can Chat in real time Mark up your paper using drawing tools Edit the text of your paper with the tutor's help To schedule an online tutoring session, you may either come by the Writing Lab (Sage Hall, Room 152), call us at 940.565.2563, or email us at WritingLab@unt.edu. You'll need to provide the following information: UNT student ID# Your email address Your phone number Your classification (undergraduate student or graduate student; graduate students should email requests for online tutoring to GradWriting@unt.edu) Your major Time and date you want to schedule your session (If you want an appointment on a Monday, you must schedule your online appointment no later than Friday at 2 p.m.) Class for which you're writing the paper Citation style you're using for this paper (APA, Chicago Manual of Style, MLA) Digital copy of the paper List of questions you want to discuss with the tutor At the Time of Your Online Tutoring Session To get the most out of your online tutoring session, you will need to actively participate in the session by asking and replying to questions. Our online tutoring sessions are in a virtual "chat" room; you'll see a dialog box where you can type questions and receive answers from the tutor. We currently do not have audio for online tutoring sessions. To begin your online tutoring session: Open your email Look for an email from the tutor with the subject line "Invitation to GoToMeeting" Click on the link to GoToMeeting Click on the link to open the session (it may take a moment or two, so please be patient) Follow the instructions on the website Look in the chat box for your paper and a greeting from the tutor Participate in your session by asking questions and giving feedback Look for an email from us with a copy of your paper with comments and/or track changes once your session is over Thinking about UNT? It's easy to apply online. Join us and discover why we're the choice of over 37,000 students. Apply now Contact Us 940.565.2563 WritingLab@unt.edu Visit Us Sage Hall 152 Send Us Mail 1155 Union Circle #305298 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences View departments Get advising University of North Texas Explore our degrees Take a tour Get financial aid Apply online Find a person Register for classes Follow UNT on social media Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Statement Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline Governors Committee on People with Disabilities Texas Veterans Portal UNT Home 