 writinglab   workshops Workshops  Writing Lab writinglab   workshops Workshops  Writing Lab writinglab   workshops Workshops  Writing Lab writinglab   workshops Workshops  Writing Lab writinglab   workshops Workshops  Writing Lab writinglab   workshops Workshops  Writing Lab writinglab   workshops Workshops  Writing Lab writinglab   workshops Workshops  Writing Lab writinglab   workshops Workshops  Writing Lab writinglab   workshops Workshops  Writing Lab  Workshops | UNT Writing Lab Skip to main content MyUNT Blackboard Find People at UNT View Maps of UNT Give to UNT Apply online College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences UNT Writing Lab HomeOur ServicesUndergraduate TutoringGraduate TutoringOnline TutoringResourcesWorkshopsLatest NewsOur Blog Home Workshops Workshops Spring 2017 Writing Lab Workshop Schedule The UNT Writing Lab provides workshops for all students, free of charge. You don't need an appointment; just come to the indicated room a few minutes before the workshop is scheduled to begin. All workshops last one hour. Call us at 940.565.2563 for more information or to schedule a workshop for your class. Click on the blue text to see a map of each workshop location. If you would like to receive text message reminders about our workshops, please send the text @UNTWLab to 81010. To learn more about our free text messaging service, click here. Click here for a PDF copy of our Spring 2017 workshop schedule. Conquering Commas with the CAPTAIN Acrostic Let us show you our CAPTAIN Acrostic (a memory device made from the first letters of each of the seven categories of comma usage). You'll conquer commas in no time! Thursday, February 9 @ 5:00 p.m. | Willis Library, Room 340 Determining the Differences in Citation Styles Learn the fundamentals of APA, Chicago Style Manual, and MLA formats. We'll also talk about how to paraphrase and how to incorporate quotes into your work without plagiarizing. Thursday, March 9 @ 5:00 p.m. | Willis Library Learning Center, Room 136 The Willis Library Learning Center is to the left, right after you enter the library; it's in front of The Study Coffee Shop. Document Design 101: Take Your Design from Blah to Aaahhhh Study the "science" behind document design to make your flyers, brochures, and written documents more eye-catching and effective. Tuesday, March 28 @ 5:00 p.m. | Willis Library, Room 340 Getting Started: Facing the Blank Page We'll learn brainstorming, outlining, and organizing techniques to give your paper structure and to make writing a breeze. Tuesday, February 7 @ 5:00 p.m. | Willis Library, Room 340 The Hickory Round Table: Creative Writing Group Calling all creative writers! Join us every other Friday inside the UNT Union right by Starbucks for our own version of the famous Algonquin Round Table. We'll read each other's creative writing and give each other valuable feedback. And yes, we'll drink coffee, too! Friday, February 3 @ 1:00 p.m. | Topic: Beginnings Friday, February 17 @ 1:00 p.m. | Topic: Point of View Friday, March 3 @ 1:00 p.m. | Topic: Dialogue Friday, March 24 @ 1:00 p.m. | Topic: Subverting Clichés Friday, April 7 @ 1:00 p.m. | Topic: Word Choice Friday, April 21 @ 1:00 p.m. | Topic: Endings How to Write Like a College Student Find out how to form an arguable thesis that meets your professor's criteria for college-level writing. We'll also talk about choosing appropriate sources, using quotes appropriately, discussing facts that support your thesis, examining ideas that contradict your thesis, and writing a conclusion that supports your argument. Thursday, February 16 @ 5:00 p.m. | Willis Library, Room 340 How to Write a Literary Analysis Good literary analysis offers readers a new way to look at a piece of literature by encouraging them to look at the text in a new way. Let us show you how to write an effective literary analysis that will knock your professor's socks off. Tuesday, February 28 @ 5:00 p.m. | Willis Library, Room 340 Punctuation Superpowers Polish your punctuation prowess by mastering commas, semicolons, hyphens, dashes, colons, brackets, parentheses, apostrophes, ellipsis, and quotation marks. Tuesday, March 21 @ 5:00 p.m. | Willis Library, Room 340 Proofread Like a Pro Earn your proofreading "Ph.D." by learning the 10 skills you need to proofread effectively. Thursday, March 30 @ 5:00 p.m. | Willis Library, Room 340 Sentences Like Zombies--Eliminating Passive Voice Sentences written in passive voice are like zombies--hard to control and difficult to understand. We'll show you how to use active voice to improve your writing (and we won't have to eat your brain to do it, either!). Tuesday, March 7 @ 5:00 p.m. | Willis Library, Room 340 Steer Clear of Usage Roadblocks Guide yourself clear of usage roadblocks by learning the differences between affect/effect, ensure/insure, which/who/that, fewer/less, and more. Thursday, February 23 @ 5:00 p.m. | Willis Library, Room 340 Understanding Technical Writing Style Review the basics of technical style for your TECM 2700 class including using active voice, reader-focused language, nominalizations, misplaced and dangling modifiers, tying sentences together, eliminating noun stacks, and using positive language. Thursday, March 2 @ 5:00 p.m. | Willis Library, Room 340 Word of Mouth Word of Mouth is a weekly conversation group for international students. You can talk with native English speakers to improve spoken fluency, your cultural awareness, and your social interaction. All Word of Mouth meetings are on Fridays from 12:00 p.m. to 1:00 p.m. in Willis Library, Room 340. Friday, January 27 | Topic: Family Friday, February 3 | Topic: Education Friday, February 10 | Topic: Holidays Friday, February 17 | Topic: Food Friday, February 24 | Topic: Rites of Passage Friday, March 3 | Topic: Customs Friday, March 24 | Topic Measurements Friday, March 31 | Topic: Working Friday, April 7 | Topic: Communication Friday, April 14 | Topic: Sports Friday, April 21 | Topic: Entertainment Writing a Personal Statement for Scholarships or Graduate Programs Highlight your accomplishments and your goals to merit that internship, scholarship, or graduate degree. We'll give you "insider" tips on what it takes. Thursday, March 23 @ 5:00 p.m. | Willis Library, Room 340 Thinking about UNT? It's easy to apply online. Join us and discover why we're the choice of over 37,000 students. Apply now Contact Us 940.565.2563 WritingLab@unt.edu Visit Us Sage Hall 152 Send Us Mail 1155 Union Circle #305298 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences View departments Get advising University of North Texas Explore our degrees Take a tour Get financial aid Apply online Find a person Register for classes Follow UNT on social media Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Statement Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline Governors Committee on People with Disabilities Texas Veterans Portal UNT Home 