s research   article doctoral studentveteran awarded national science foundation fellowship Doctoral student veteran awarded National Science Foundation Fellowship Research and Innovations research   article doctoral studentveteran awarded national science foundation fellowship Doctoral student veteran awarded National Science Foundation Fellowship Research and Innovations research   article doctoral studentveteran awarded national science foundation fellowship Doctoral student veteran awarded National Science Foundation Fellowship Research and Innovations research   article doctoral studentveteran awarded national science foundation fellowship Doctoral student veteran awarded National Science Foundation Fellowship Research and Innovations research   article doctoral studentveteran awarded national science foundation fellowship Doctoral student veteran awarded National Science Foundation Fellowship Research and Innovations research   article doctoral studentveteran awarded national science foundation fellowship Doctoral student veteran awarded National Science Foundation Fellowship Research and Innovations research   article doctoral studentveteran awarded national science foundation fellowship Doctoral student veteran awarded National Science Foundation Fellowship Research and Innovations research   article doctoral studentveteran awarded national science foundation fellowship Doctoral student veteran awarded National Science Foundation Fellowship Research and Innovations research   article doctoral studentveteran awarded national science foundation fellowship Doctoral student veteran awarded National Science Foundation Fellowship Research and Innovations research   article doctoral studentveteran awarded national science foundation fellowship Doctoral student veteran awarded National Science Foundation Fellowship Research and Innovation  Doctoral student/veteran awarded National Science Foundation Fellowship | Research and Innovation Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty Resources » Faculty Resources MC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts Administration » Office of Grants & Contracts Administration Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) » Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) Step 1 : Request a Grants and Contracts Specialist (GCS) Step 2 : Electronic proposal routing / Cayuse SP Step 3 : Optional for Grants.gov only / Cayuse 424 Cayuse FAQs Cayuse Help Cayuse Contacts Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) Guidelines Limited Submissions Process » Limited Submissions Process Limited Submissions Funding Opportunities FAQ Research Integrity & Compliance » Research Integrity & Compliance Use of Humans in Research (IRB) Use of Animals in Research (IACUC) Financial Conflict of Interest Export Controls Research Integrity Research Misconduct Federal Regulations Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization About Us » About Us Reports & Statistics » Reports & Statistics Previous Fiscal Years Current Fiscal Year Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People Search form Search Research and Innovation MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of Research and Innovation Research and Innovation Main menu Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty ResourcesMC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts Administration Research Integrity & Compliance Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization About UsReports & Statistics Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People Doctoral student/veteran awarded National Science Foundation FellowshipApril 25, 2017Michael Thomas, a doctoral student studying in the Department of Chemistry, has been selected to receive a 2017 National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship. Thomas said his eight years serving in the U.S. Marines, including a tour in Afghanistan, helped lead him to his research and even helped him win this fellowship. “In my statement to the NSF, I tied in my military service to Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics,” said Thomas. “When I was in Afghanistan, I found many people didn’t have basic electricity. With my research now, I want to make electricity converters that are cost efficient devices that you can give to rural poor areas.”  Thomas, left, said he also found that the diversity in his unit was extremely helpful in Afghanistan and he thinks that it would also have a major impact on STEM. “The women and minorities in my unit helped the Afghanis feel more comfortable with us,” he said. “I also relate that to STEM, we need more woman and minorities in the sciences and we need to start recruiting them early so they are comfortable by the time they are here at the university level.” The NSF fellowship is a tremendous benefit to Thomas’ university career. Of the 13,000 who applied, only 2,000 received the award. It will give him a stipend of $34,000 a year for up to five years. The money will cover expenses like tuition, research opportunities and equipment and the cost of travel to conferences. “I’m really going to get the chance to network through this,” said Thomas. “I’m excited to see how this helps my career going forward. I can do all sorts of things with this degree and knowledge. I’m hoping I can make the world a better place through chemistry.” He says he already has a great start on that dream thanks to his work under his mentor, Francis D’Souza. “The professors here are my favorite part of UNT and I’m close to my hometown of Irving, so I get to be near my family,” said Thomas. “Under Dr. D’Souza, I’ve had more opportunities than I could have had anywhere else. In my field, the only thing that matters is the quality of your work and I’ve been able to do great research here.” — Tanya O'Neil, UNT News Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Hurley Admin Building, Room 210 Mail Us Office of Research and Innovation 1155 Union Circle P.O. Box 310979 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-369-7428 UNTResearch@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 