s research   article tams student wins goldwater scholarship TAMS student wins Goldwater Scholarship Research and Innovations research   article tams student wins goldwater scholarship TAMS student wins Goldwater Scholarship Research and Innovations research   article tams student wins goldwater scholarship TAMS student wins Goldwater Scholarship Research and Innovations research   article tams student wins goldwater scholarship TAMS student wins Goldwater Scholarship Research and Innovations research   article tams student wins goldwater scholarship TAMS student wins Goldwater Scholarship Research and Innovations research   article tams student wins goldwater scholarship TAMS student wins Goldwater Scholarship Research and Innovations research   article tams student wins goldwater scholarship TAMS student wins Goldwater Scholarship Research and Innovations research   article tams student wins goldwater scholarship TAMS student wins Goldwater Scholarship Research and Innovations research   article tams student wins goldwater scholarship TAMS student wins Goldwater Scholarship Research and Innovations research   article tams student wins goldwater scholarship TAMS student wins Goldwater Scholarship Research and Innovation  TAMS student wins Goldwater Scholarship | Research and Innovation Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty Resources » Faculty Resources MC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts Administration » Office of Grants & Contracts Administration Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) » Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) Step 1 : Request a Grants and Contracts Specialist (GCS) Step 2 : Electronic proposal routing / Cayuse SP Step 3 : Optional for Grants.gov only / Cayuse 424 Cayuse FAQs Cayuse Help Cayuse Contacts Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) Guidelines Limited Submissions Process » Limited Submissions Process Limited Submissions Funding Opportunities FAQ Research Integrity & Compliance » Research Integrity & Compliance Use of Humans in Research (IRB) Use of Animals in Research (IACUC) Financial Conflict of Interest Export Controls Research Integrity Research Misconduct Federal Regulations Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization About Us » About Us Reports & Statistics » Reports & Statistics Previous Fiscal Years Current Fiscal Year Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People Search form Search Research and Innovation MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of Research and Innovation Research and Innovation Main menu Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty ResourcesMC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts Administration Research Integrity & Compliance Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization About UsReports & Statistics Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People TAMS student wins Goldwater ScholarshipApril 24, 2017Amber Lu, right, a student from the Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science at the University of North Texas has been named a 2017 Barry M. Goldwater Scholarship Winner. “It’s a really humbling experience,” said Lu. “It could have easily been any of the other nominees. Being surrounded by these peers is amazing, they are all doing such amazing research and they just make me want to do better.” Lu, a 16-year-old from Sugar Land, has been working on research at UNT with chemistry professor William Acree to find the best way to purify fossil fuels. She was named a Siemens Semifinalist in 2016 for that research. In 2015, she also was a Siemens Semifinalist for a project where she worked to optimize data transfer and integrated circuit design and made a presentation on that subject before the Mathematics Association of America MathFest Conference. Lu has already co-authored two publications. Prateek Kalakuntla, right, a TAMS student, was named an honorable mention recipient. He has conducted research alongside Mohammad Omary, professor of Chemistry. Kalakuntla, an 18-year-old from Plano, has solved many issues that current mercury sensors face and developed a low-cost, easy to use test to reveal mercury and other toxic heavy metals in water.       Kalakuntla’s research resulted in his placing fourth and winning a $30,000 scholarship in the 2016 Siemens Competition in Math, Science and Technology. He presented his research at the Texas Undergraduate Research Day at the Capitol, held March 28, and will present it at the American Association for the Advancement of the Sciences meeting in San Diego April 22. Kalakuntla said he was already working in Omary’s laboratory when he learned about the Goldwater competition. “Entering the competition was a spring point for me learning how to write about and present my research,” he said. “Being named an Honorable Mention means a lot to me.” After graduating from TAMS on May 11, Kalakuntla will attend the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and major in bioengineering. UNT has produced 60 Goldwater Scholars since 1996, leading all Texas Universities. Goldwater awards are considered to be among the country's most prestigious scholarships awarded to students planning careers in mathematics, science and engineering. Scholarships of up to $7,500 a year are provided to help cover costs associated with tuition, fees, books, room and board. Students are chosen on the basis of their scientific research, grade point averages and other achievements. Lu credits much of her research success to attending TAMS. She graduates this spring and is currently deciding between 10 collages that have accepted her. She plans to major in applied mathematics and eventually work her way up to a doctoral degree with a goal of attaining a career as a research professor. “I think TAMS is the best decision I’ve ever made,” she said. “There is so much independence to create your own learning plan. It’s also not competitive, instead it’s about being collaborative and helping each other. TAMS has just been the best experience and I wouldn’t trade it for the world.” Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Hurley Admin Building, Room 210 Mail Us Office of Research and Innovation 1155 Union Circle P.O. Box 310979 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-369-7428 UNTResearch@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 