 apply   campus life Campus Life Freshman Overview apply   campus life Campus Life Freshman Overview apply   campus life Campus Life Freshman Overview apply   campus life Campus Life Freshman Overview apply   campus life Campus Life Freshman Overview apply   campus life Campus Life Freshman Overview apply   campus life Campus Life Freshman Overview apply   campus life Campus Life Freshman Overview apply   campus life Campus Life Freshman Overview apply   campus life Campus Life Freshman Overview  Campus Life | Freshman Overview Skip to main content Freshman Overview Menu Call us Email Us UNT Map HomeAcademicsCampus LifeLocationCostsCareerNext StepsPopular links Back Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Freshman Overview Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps Freshman Overview You are hereHomeCampus Life Find Your Place This is Your Home Make Friends Campus Experience We Mean Green This is your home One of the best parts of the UNT experience is living on campus in one of our 15 residence halls. Each hall has its own personality and traditions, and many offer Living-Learning Communities, which bring you together with other students who share your major or interest. Another perk of being part of the largest residential campus in the North Texas region is the food! With our great meal plan deals and all-you-can-eat open dining, there’s no shortage of snacks to fuel your study sessions. Our dining halls offer something for every taste, from hand tossed pizza and a taco bar to southern home-style cooking and the delicious all-vegan fare in Mean Greens Café. Check out more fantastic videos about UNT! Discovernew friends Whether you sit next to them in your American History course, discover a shared interest during a Mean Green Dodgeball practice or strike up a conversation between classes, UNT is full of places where you can make new friends. It’s easy to grow your friends list with... 400 student organizations including academic associations, fraternities and sororities, multicultural groups and recreational sport teams. Campus events like Field Day’s three-legged races or the Fine Arts Series’ gallery openings and everything in between. You can choose your own adventure and explore interests you never knew you had. Opportunities to serve the UNT community and beyond through our alternative spring break program, Make a Difference Day and Project VolUNTeer. Connect with other students You can start making friends before you get to campus with UNT’s private social network. Once you're admitted, join to discover who likes the same movies, bands, shows or team and then plan to meet in real life. “I was part of the team that established UNT Smiles Day, to spread an extra bit of happiness. College can be stressful and just a moment in the day when something unexpectedly nice happens can do a lot to make things lighter.” Kelsey Chippeaux,English and Anthropology major There's alwayssomething to see and do at UNT As soon as you arrive on campus, your college experience begins with First Flight, UNT’s welcome program. Small groups meet throughout the week to help you build connections, introduce you to resources and even take your first official class picture! Once you’ve got the hang of university life, you’re sure to bump into a friend or two along the library mall between classes. The Library Mall is always buzzing with activity and is the perfect place to find everything from a campus-wide celebration like University Day to an international festival. 1,000 concerts, theatre performances, sporting events and art exhibits are held on campus each year. That’s a lot of entertainment options – and most of them are free for students. Slip on your green shirt, warm up your Eagle claw and head over to Apogee Stadium, the Coliseum or one of our other sports venues to watch our 16 Division I teams compete as part of Conference USA. The new University Union is a great place to grab a bite or round up some friends to shoot pool or check out the gaming stations. Big name speakers Our Distinguished Lecture Series and Fine Arts Series bring fascinating speakers to campus throughout the year. Past speakers include: George Takei Star Trek actor and social justice activist Ben & Jerry Ice cream entrepreneurs Laverne Cox Actress and transgender advocate Bill Nye TV star and science guy We mean green From the iconic wind turbines at Apogee Stadium to the Big Belly solar trash compactors and plentiful recycling bins, you’ll see the proof that we mean green from the moment you step on campus. We even think green as we work up a sweat — ellipticals at the Rec Center collect kinetic energy to help power the building. An environmental union The new union features sustainable features like drought tolerant landscaping and censored faucets. Green business Our beautiful Business Leadership Building features video projection screens, a team study room and a securities trading room. Its environmental friendly design includes recycling stations and native landscaping and is LEED Gold certified. Sustainable sports We’re pretty proud of Apogee Stadium, our state-of-the-art sports and entertainment venue that seats 31,000 fans. Its three wind turbines produce roughly a third of the stadium’s energy needs and it was the first newly built stadium to achieve LEED Platinum certification. It's time to take the next step... Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Top Main Menu Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps University Links Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Email & Phone  unt.freshmen@unt.edu  940-565-2681 Freshman Overview   Find UNT on Google Maps   1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information Call us Email Us UNT Map Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links 