s research   awards honors News Honors Research and Innovations research   awards honors News Honors Research and Innovations research   awards honors News Honors Research and Innovations research   awards honors News Honors Research and Innovations research   awards honors News Honors Research and Innovations research   awards honors News Honors Research and Innovations research   awards honors News Honors Research and Innovations research   awards honors News Honors Research and Innovations research   awards honors News Honors Research and Innovations research   awards honors News Honors Research and Innovation  News & Honors | Research and Innovation Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty Resources » Faculty Resources MC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts Administration » Office of Grants & Contracts Administration Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) » Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) Step 1 : Request a Grants and Contracts Specialist (GCS) Step 2 : Electronic proposal routing / Cayuse SP Step 3 : Optional for Grants.gov only / Cayuse 424 Cayuse FAQs Cayuse Help Cayuse Contacts Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) Guidelines Limited Submissions Process » Limited Submissions Process Limited Submissions Funding Opportunities FAQ Research Integrity & Compliance » Research Integrity & Compliance Use of Humans in Research (IRB) Use of Animals in Research (IACUC) Financial Conflict of Interest Export Controls Research Integrity Research Misconduct Federal Regulations Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization About Us » About Us Reports & Statistics » Reports & Statistics Previous Fiscal Years Current Fiscal Year Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People Search form Search Research and Innovation MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of Research and Innovation Research and Innovation Main menu Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty ResourcesMC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts Administration Research Integrity & Compliance Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization About UsReports & Statistics Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People News & Honors Doctoral student/veteran awarded National Science Foundation Fellowship Michael Thomas, a doctoral student studying in the Department of Chemistry, has been selected to receive a 2017 National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship. Thomas said his eight years serving in the U.S. Marines, including a tour in Afghanistan, helped lead him to his research and even helped him win this fellowship. “In my statement to the NSF, I tied in my military service to Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics,” said Thomas. “When I was in Afghanistan, I found many people didn’t have basic electricity. With my research now, I want to make electricity converters... TAMS student wins Goldwater Scholarship Amber Lu, right, a student from the Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science at the University of North Texas has been named a 2017 Barry M. Goldwater Scholarship Winner. “It’s a really humbling experience,” said Lu. “It could have easily been any of the other nominees. Being surrounded by these peers is amazing, they are all doing such amazing research and they just make me want to do better.” Lu, a 16-year-old from Sugar Land, has been working on research at UNT with chemistry professor William Acree to find the best way to purify fossil fuels. She was named a Siemens Semifinalist in 2016... Advancing genetic research Arabidopsis thaliana is a seed so tiny that it can fit into Abraham Lincoln’s eye on a penny. Its small size, rapid life cycle and ability to produce thousands of seeds make this plant perfect for research. Now scientists who use it for studies have a new advantage. UNT doctoral student Drew Sturtevant completed 3D imaging of the inside of this tiny seed that reveals its chemical mapping for the first time. His breakthrough was recently published in the journal BBA Molecular and Cell Biology of Lipids. “It’s exciting to have access to this technology at UNT and to be at the forefront of plant... Partnership helping to expand support for families dealing with autism UNT'S Kristin Farmer Autism Center (KFAC) and the Texas Home Instruction for Parents of Preschool Youngsters (HIPPY) are offering families who have a child with autism spectrum disorder help. The collaboration, which is currently serving 66 families around the state, is aimed at children 3 to 5 years old and their parents and can serve up to 100 families. The Kristin Farmer Autism Center is providing training to Texas HIPPY staff, who then conduct weekly home visiting services. “The A+HIPPY program is significant because it impacts families throughout all regions of the state, and many of... UNT students to participate in Texas Undergraduate Research Day at the State Capitol Two University of North Texas students will be part of an exciting day at the Texas State Capitol in Austin. Robert Presley Smith, a senior who is studying mechanical and energy engineering, and Prateek Kalakunta, a student at UNT’s Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science, have been selected to take part in the Texas Undergraduate Research Day at the Capitol.  Smith, right, grew up in Somerville, Texas, near College Station. He is currently part of UNT’s Honors College and McNair Scholars Program. He credits the McNair program with giving him the ability to dig into deep research earlier... UNT program granted millions from the Chilean government for new research center A University of North Texas conservation program has gotten a major financial boost. The Cape Horn Biosphere Reserve near Puerto Williams, Chile is part of the Sub-Antarctic Biocultural Conservation Program, a consortium led by UNT in the US, and other Chilean universities and institutions. The Chilean government awarded the program $15 million to build a new Sub-Antarctic Cape Horn Center. “This means an opportunity to strengthen the social mission and research excellence in a privileged place for the monitoring of climate change and testing of a sustainable development,” says Ricardo Rozzi... UNT teams up with NASA for new mission A new partnership with NASA has the University of North Texas aimed at getting students excited about space science. UNT’s Institute for the Integration of Technology into Teaching and Learning, IITTL, established a five- year partnership with NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center and the Heliophysics Education Consortium. “The goal is to take the passion the NASA scientists have and figure out a way to share it with kids in a fun, inspiring way,” said Troy Cline, NASA’s education technology coordinator. “Getting those kids excited about space and science really is our life’s work.” They hope to... UNT student awarded $25,000 grant from the National Endowment for the Arts UNT student Matt Morton has been awarded a $25,000 grant from the National Endowment for the Arts Literature Fellowship program. The fellowship offers grants to published creative writers that enable recipients to set aside time for writing, research, travel and general career advancement. Morton, a Ph.D. candidate in the Department of English, began working on a new book last year. “Starting a new book is exciting and intimidating,” said Morton. “It’s an opportunity to take new risks and to write without any notion of what the end product should be. Receiving the NEA Fellowship in the midst... UNT student receives prestigious research opportunity UNT junior Isabel Delwel has received a major honor. The biology major is just one of 67 students in the U.S. to be selected to participate in the 2017 Howard Hughes Medical Institute Exceptional Research Opportunities Program. Delwel, who was born in the Netherlands, raised in Round Rock, Texas and graduated in 2014 from Cedar Ridge High School, is a member of UNT’s Honors College and the McNair Scholars Program. She will spend 10 weeks this summer at Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, Washington doing extensive research. “I’m so excited and so honored and I know that I... UNT engineering lecturer wins lifetime achievement award The Regional Hispanic Contractor Association presented its 2016 Women’s Luna Lifetime Achievement Award to Leticia Anaya, a senior lecturer in the UNT College of Engineering. She was chosen for her more than 19 years of teaching engineering technology courses at UNT, as well as her experience working in the industry.  “I didn’t expect this award,” said Anaya. “The other nominees were very high achievers. I really had to take off a day to just really think about it. It’s amazing to suddenly realize that industry really does appreciate what I do.” Along with engineering experience, the award... Meet the dean -- Marilyn Wiley FAVORITE QUOTE: “Get over it,” from the Eagles’ song. There is no future in dwelling on a failure or blaming someone else. Learn from it and move on. FUN FACT: I started my career as a management trainee at NASA and was a test subject in the zero-gravity airplane. I have been weightless for more than an hour, in 30-second increments. PROUDEST MOMENT FOR THE COLLEGE: Raising our freshman retention rate by 13 percentage points. BIGGEST BUSINESS GAME CHANGER: The rise of the on-demand service economy. The nature of work has changed, and employees are rethinking both job security and commitment.... Logistics lab leading innovation UNT’s Jim McNatt Institute for Logistics Research (JMI) is helping Trinity Logistics executives determine how to distribute domestically manufactured ASME propane tanks from sister company Trinity Containers in the most time- and cost-saving way possible. Undergraduate student and former Trinity Logistics intern Megan Vassh used large-scale data analysis to optimize the company’s distribution plan. Jim Corrigan, president of Trinity Logistics and a member of the JMI advisory board, says Vassh’s work has “tangible value that can contribute to the bottom line. It has given us direction to move... Advancing adaptive learning, student profiling For his research in helping to improve student learning through technology, UNT’s College of Information Dean Kinshuk earned the 2016 Distinguished Development Award by the Association for Education Communications and Technology (AECT). The international honor was awarded based on his accomplishments in studying adaptive learning and dynamic student profiling. “The research in adaptive learning and dynamic student profiling will hopefully attract many more researchers to contribute toward the success of students’ learning,” Kinshuk says. The AECT is a professional association of thousands of... Creating a culture of discovery MUSICAL COMPOSITION INNOVATOR: Ermir Bejo, doctoral student FIELD: Music ADMIRES: Too many people to name one. INNOVATION: Musical composition. Bejo composed Opus 4 for solo piano, earning the prestigious ASCAP Morton Gould Young Composer award. WHAT’S NEXT: Apply for a postdoctoral program and teach. MOTORCYCLE PARTS INNOVATOR: Erica Doty, senior FIELD: Mechanical engineering ADMIRES: Mom, who taught her a great work ethic. INNOVATION: Motorcycle parts. As an intern at the Harley-Davidson headquarters, Doty helped design parts with an eye for function and style. WHAT’S NEXT: Work in the... New research building to foster innovation Some researchers in UNT’s BioDiscovery Institute moved to new space in the recently renovated Science Research Building, right, in January 2017, allowing researchers to work together more collaboratively. Designers planned the 7,224-square-foot space on the first floor with an open concept, including four large labs that can be divided into as many as eight smaller labs depending on researchers’ needs. Richard Dixon, director of the BioDiscovery Institute and Distinguished Research Professor of biology at UNT, says the new space will foster the exchange of ideas. These flex labs will allow... Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Hurley Admin Building, Room 210 Mail Us Office of Research and Innovation 1155 Union Circle P.O. Box 310979 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-369-7428 UNTResearch@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 