 disability   services request Request a Reasonable Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services request Request a Reasonable Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services request Request a Reasonable Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services request Request a Reasonable Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services request Request a Reasonable Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services request Request a Reasonable Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services request Request a Reasonable Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services request Request a Reasonable Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services request Request a Reasonable Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services request Request a Reasonable Accommodation Office of Disability Accommodation  Request a Reasonable Accommodation | Office of Disability Accommodation Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Services » Services Apply for Services Request Reasonable Accomodation Service and Comfort Animals File a Grievance Psychiatric Services Hearing Disabilities Vision Disabilities Physical and Medical Conditions Learning Disabilities & ADD/ADHD Message for Students Tips for Professionals Testing Center Parents, Faculty & Staff » Parents, Faculty & Staff Information for Parents Information for Faculty and Staff ADA Taglines for Publications and Syllabi Forms Resources Events FAQ About Us DSA Home Search form Search Office of Disability Accommodation MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of Disability Accommodation Main menu Home ServicesApply for Services Request Reasonable Accomodation Service and Comfort Animals File a Grievance Psychiatric Services Hearing Disabilities Vision Disabilities Physical and Medical Conditions Learning Disabilities & ADD/ADHD Message for Students Tips for Professionals Testing Center Parents, Faculty & StaffInformation for Parents Information for Faculty and Staff ADA Taglines for Publications and Syllabi Forms Resources Events FAQ About Us DSA Home Request a Reasonable Accommodation Request a Reasonable Accommodation (For Currently Registered ODA Students Only) You may submit these forms online to request services and/or your reasonable accommodation letters for professors ONLY if you meet ALL of these requirements: If you meet the above requirements and wish to submit your forms online, follow this link to the online forms submittal screen: Online Forms If you would rather fax or email a hard copy of the form, or have any problems submitting the online form, you may still print and sign a PDF version of these forms. You must have been admitted to UNT. Your file status is considered "active" by the ODA. (If you did not enroll last semester, your file is most likely inactive.)  Call 940.565.4323 to determine if your file is inactive or not and request reactivation if necessary. You have completed the ODA application process by meeting with an ODA counselor. Reasonable Accommodation Request Form   Interpreter/Cart/Typist Request Form [pdf] Furniture Request Form [pdf] Alternative Format Request [pdf] Assistance Request for Orientation [pdf] Download the latest version of Adobe Acrobat Reader to view these files properly. Back to Top Very Important Things To Remember About Your Reasonable Accommodations at UNT You must request your official letters from the ODA the first week of every semester and then hand deliver them to your instructors before your adjustments become active. Give them to your professors during their office hours, NOT in the class room. Your letters are usually ready within 3 business days, but during peak times it may take longer. TIME...Request your letters early, schedule your tests at least 5 business days in advance and 3 weeks for finals and midterms. Submit requests for alternative formats as soon as you register for classes. It is your responsibility to let us know if something is not working. We can't help if we don't know. Use the resources we have referred you to on campus. They work! If you have any questions, or if you feel that your reasonable accommodations are not effective, let us know; call, email, make an appointment. Again, we can't help if we don't know! Please help us keep our campus as accessible as possible. If you notice elevators out of service, poorly maintained curb cuts or any other access barriers, please contact us at (940) 565-4323. Back to Top UNT Disability Assistance Request for Orientation To request assistance (e.g. Sign Language Interpreter, FM loop personal audio amplifier, screen magnification software) for Parent Orientation, New Student Orientation, Transfer Orientation or Graduate Student Orientation, you must complete and return the Assistance Request for Orientation [pdf] form to the UNT Office of Disability Accommodation (ODA) TWO WEEKS prior to your orientation date by fax at 940-369-7969 or mail to ODA; 1155 Union Circle; Denton, TX 76203-5017.  Assistance cannot be guaranteed if the completed form is not submitted at least two weeks in advance. UNT does not provide personal care items such as wheelchairs/scooters, orientation and mobility services, or personal attendant care.  Back to Top Request a Reasonable Accommodation Request a Reasonable Accommodation Your Reasonable Accommodations at UNT UNT Disability Assistance Request for Orientation Visit Us Sage Hall 1167 Union Circle Sage Hall Suite 167 Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #310770 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-4323 Apply.ODA@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on March 02, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on March 02, 2017 | Important Links 