 disability   services psychiatric Psychiatric Services Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services psychiatric Psychiatric Services Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services psychiatric Psychiatric Services Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services psychiatric Psychiatric Services Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services psychiatric Psychiatric Services Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services psychiatric Psychiatric Services Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services psychiatric Psychiatric Services Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services psychiatric Psychiatric Services Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services psychiatric Psychiatric Services Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services psychiatric Psychiatric Services Office of Disability Accommodation  Psychiatric Services | Office of Disability Accommodation Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Services » Services Apply for Services Request Reasonable Accomodation Service and Comfort Animals File a Grievance Psychiatric Services Hearing Disabilities Vision Disabilities Physical and Medical Conditions Learning Disabilities & ADD/ADHD Message for Students Tips for Professionals Testing Center Parents, Faculty & Staff » Parents, Faculty & Staff Information for Parents Information for Faculty and Staff ADA Taglines for Publications and Syllabi Forms Resources Events FAQ About Us DSA Home Search form Search Office of Disability Accommodation MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of Disability Accommodation Main menu Home ServicesApply for Services Request Reasonable Accomodation Service and Comfort Animals File a Grievance Psychiatric Services Hearing Disabilities Vision Disabilities Physical and Medical Conditions Learning Disabilities & ADD/ADHD Message for Students Tips for Professionals Testing Center Parents, Faculty & StaffInformation for Parents Information for Faculty and Staff ADA Taglines for Publications and Syllabi Forms Resources Events FAQ About Us DSA Home Psychiatric Services The ODA serves a large number of students each semester who have psychiatric diagnoses, including Major Depression, Bipolar Disorder, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, Social Phobias, and many others. If you have a diagnosis that falls into this category and you feel it is creating problems for you academically, we encourage you to meet with an ODA counselor to discuss your options.  If you feel our services are right for you, submit documentation of your disability and an ODA application for services. Make sure your counselor, psychologist or psychiatrist thoroughly completes the documentation requirements. Due to the changing nature of these conditions, it may be necessary for you to obtain updated documentation. Especially if you are requesting a withdrawal from the university. If you have an exacerbation of your symptoms, especially those involving hospitalizations, it is a good idea to provide the ODA with updated documentation at that point. After you have submitted the Psychological Documentation Form and the ODA Application for Services, you will meet with the ODA for an intake appointment. Common reasonable accommodations for psychiatric disabilities include; extended time for in-class assignments, tests, and quizzes, testing in a distraction reduced environment, volunteer notetaker, use of a tape recorder, and referral to campus support systems. Of course, all adjustmants are individualized, based upon your personal narrative and the documentation you provide. Your services may include but are not limited to the examples described above. Please remember that our office is here to help. Psychiatric disabilities can become extremely serious, especially if you find yourself withdrawing from support systems and the people that can help. If you sense that is happening, please don't hesitate to contact your ODA counselor as soon as possible. Or, make contact with anyone who can help. Visit Us Sage Hall 1167 Union Circle Sage Hall Suite 167 Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #310770 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-4323 Apply.ODA@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on March 02, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on March 02, 2017 | Important Links 