 disability   services message students Message for Students Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services message students Message for Students Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services message students Message for Students Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services message students Message for Students Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services message students Message for Students Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services message students Message for Students Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services message students Message for Students Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services message students Message for Students Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services message students Message for Students Office of Disability Accommodation disability   services message students Message for Students Office of Disability Accommodation  Message for Students | Office of Disability Accommodation Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Services » Services Apply for Services Request Reasonable Accomodation Service and Comfort Animals File a Grievance Psychiatric Services Hearing Disabilities Vision Disabilities Physical and Medical Conditions Learning Disabilities & ADD/ADHD Message for Students Tips for Professionals Testing Center Parents, Faculty & Staff » Parents, Faculty & Staff Information for Parents Information for Faculty and Staff ADA Taglines for Publications and Syllabi Forms Resources Events FAQ About Us DSA Home Search form Search Office of Disability Accommodation MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of Disability Accommodation Main menu Home ServicesApply for Services Request Reasonable Accomodation Service and Comfort Animals File a Grievance Psychiatric Services Hearing Disabilities Vision Disabilities Physical and Medical Conditions Learning Disabilities & ADD/ADHD Message for Students Tips for Professionals Testing Center Parents, Faculty & StaffInformation for Parents Information for Faculty and Staff ADA Taglines for Publications and Syllabi Forms Resources Events FAQ About Us DSA Home Message for Students Dear Students, Welcome to the UNT Office of Disability Accommodation. Thank you for visiting this site. Hopefully, the information you find here will help you select a university and provide information that will enable you to have full access to all programs, facilities, classrooms, and curriculum. We wish to inform you that the professional staff of our office is comprised of a caring group of people who want to help students reach a higher level of independence and in turn, achieve more success at UNT and beyond. We do this by emphasizing the means which empower you – the student to be an active participant in the process. You will learn to be the primary liaison to faculty and staff concerning your needs. With our help, you will enhance your strategies to meet your educational goals. You will learn more about your disability, develop techniques to enhance your learning style (both in and out of the classroom) and fine-tune your compensatory strategies. Why is it important for you to master these areas? Because eventually you will join the workforce and you'll find that it is solely up to you to advocate for your reasonable accommodations. The wise student learns these skills in college. After a student has completed the registration process with our office, we will be here to help address any problems you bring to our attention. If you have concerns about your services, our usual response is, "Have you tried to work this out with your professor?" We realize that is not always an option, so once you have made a "good faith effort" to solve the problem on your own, we are more than willing to work with you and your instructor to find solutions. Please never hesitate to contact us if you feel your needs are not being met. We cannot help if you choose not to inform us. Let me stress that we care and we want to help. Please do not hesitate to contact me or any of the ODA staff if you have further questions. Warmly, Office of Disability Accommodation Staff Visit Us Sage Hall 1167 Union Circle Sage Hall Suite 167 Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #310770 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-4323 Apply.ODA@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on March 02, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on March 02, 2017 | Important Links 