 disability   testing center ODA Testing Center Office of Disability Accommodation disability   testing center ODA Testing Center Office of Disability Accommodation disability   testing center ODA Testing Center Office of Disability Accommodation disability   testing center ODA Testing Center Office of Disability Accommodation disability   testing center ODA Testing Center Office of Disability Accommodation disability   testing center ODA Testing Center Office of Disability Accommodation disability   testing center ODA Testing Center Office of Disability Accommodation disability   testing center ODA Testing Center Office of Disability Accommodation disability   testing center ODA Testing Center Office of Disability Accommodation disability   testing center ODA Testing Center Office of Disability Accommodation  ODA Testing Center | Office of Disability Accommodation Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Services » Services Apply for Services Request Reasonable Accomodation Service and Comfort Animals File a Grievance Psychiatric Services Hearing Disabilities Vision Disabilities Physical and Medical Conditions Learning Disabilities & ADD/ADHD Message for Students Tips for Professionals Testing Center Parents, Faculty & Staff » Parents, Faculty & Staff Information for Parents Information for Faculty and Staff ADA Taglines for Publications and Syllabi Forms Resources Events FAQ About Us DSA Home Search form Search Office of Disability Accommodation MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of Disability Accommodation Main menu Home ServicesApply for Services Request Reasonable Accomodation Service and Comfort Animals File a Grievance Psychiatric Services Hearing Disabilities Vision Disabilities Physical and Medical Conditions Learning Disabilities & ADD/ADHD Message for Students Tips for Professionals Testing Center Parents, Faculty & StaffInformation for Parents Information for Faculty and Staff ADA Taglines for Publications and Syllabi Forms Resources Events FAQ About Us DSA Home ODA Testing Center Testing.ODA@unt.edu ODA Testing — Alternative Test Request Form Policies & Procedures Your observance of the following testing policies and procedures will help us to provide you with testing services in the best way possible. Failure to follow procedures may result in a delay in or denial of testing services. Whenever possible, arrange reasonable testing accommodations with your instructor early in the semester. If your instructor is not able to provide a testing space and your recommended reasonable testing accommodations, then you and your instructor must complete the ODA Alternative Test Request Form, keeping in mind that it is your responsibility to return the completed form to the ODA (instructor retains pink copy). ODA Regular Testing Hours Monday through Thursday from 8:00am to 9:00pm. Friday from 8:00am to 5:00pm. Closed Saturday & Sunday. ODA Final Exam Week Testing Hours Saturday from 8:00am to 5:00pm. Sunday Closed. Monday through Thursday from 8:00am to 9:00pm. Friday from 8:00am to 5:00pm. Regular semester Alternative Test Request Forms should be submitted to the ODA at least five business days before the scheduled exam time. Students should reference exam dates from the course syllabus when scheduling exams. Exams should be scheduled during your class time unless otherwise specified by your instructor. Students are encouraged to list all exam and quiz dates from the course syllabus (with the exception of the final exam) on one Alternative Test Request Form or one online request. (Example: CHEM 1010.001; Start time in the ODA Testing Center = 10:00AM; Exam Dates = 9/07, 10/01, 11/02). Final exam Alternative Test Request Forms should be submitted at least 3 weeks prior to the date of the test.  Failure to schedule tests in accordance with these deadlines may require rescheduling. All changes to the Testing Center Schedule, such as rescheduled exam dates, changes to the exam start time, materials approved for the student to use during an exam (calculator, notes, etc.) require submission of a handwritten note documenting the approved changes and signed by the course professor, or a copy of an email documenting the approved changes, sent directly from the professor’s official email address. Any changes made to the testing schedule must be authorized by your instructor and submitted to the testing coordinator. Back to Top On Exam Day Arrive on time and have your UNT student ID ready to show the test proctor. Be prepared with the necessary items to take your test (Scantron, blue book, etc.), and be ready to begin upon entering the office. Due to lack of space, studying in the ODA waiting area is not permitted. If you arrive late for your scheduled test time, ODA will not administer the test. It will be your responsibility to contact your instructor about rescheduling the exam. It is your instructor's decision to approve or deny rescheduling your test and we will still require five business days’ notice to reschedule tests in our testing center. Tests must be completed in one sitting unless otherwise authorized by your instructor. No books, papers, notes, backpacks, purses, cell phones, etc. will be allowed in the testing rooms unless otherwise specified by the instructor. Lockers are provided within the ODA Testing Center to store personal belongings not allowed in the testing rooms. Students may bring their own lock to secure their personal items in the testing center lockers. ODA Testing Center does not provide locks. Scratch paper will be provided by the ODA (unless instructor directs no paper allowed) and will be returned with the exam. Please remember use of calculators, tables, dictionaries, etc. requires written instructor approval. Back to Top Testing Policies No visitors, phone calls or interruptions are allowed while a student is testing. Children will not be permitted to wait for you in the waiting area unless accompanied by an adult. If a restroom break is necessary, the proctor will retain the test materials. The student will be required to sign out when leaving and sign back in upon returning to the exam. The proctor may escort students to and from the restroom to ensure test integrity. Emergencies that cause a student to miss a scheduled testing time (illness, childcare, transportation, etc.) will require professor approval before it may be rescheduled in the ODA Testing Center. The student is responsible to contact the professor and obtain documentation of any approved rescheduling of quizzes, tests or final exams in the format of a signed note from the professor with clearly written instructions signed note, an email directly from the professor with clearly stated instructions and changes, submitting a new online test request, or a fully completed Alternative Test Request Form signed by the student and the professor. Back to Top Misconduct Cameras and proctor walk-ins are utilized during testing. If a student is suspected of academic dishonesty (cheating), a report will be written and sent to the professor, the ODA director, and the Dean of Students. A copy of the report will also be placed in the student's file. The instructor and the Dean of Students will determine further actions to be taken. Academic dishonesty is a violation of the student code of conduct and may lead to course failure, suspension or expulsion from the university.  Back to Top Testing.ODA@unt.edu Testing Center ODA Testing On Exam Day Testing Policies Misconduct Visit Us Sage Hall 1167 Union Circle Sage Hall Suite 167 Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #310770 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-4323 Apply.ODA@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on March 02, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on March 02, 2017 | Important Links 