 disability   faq FAQ Office of Disability Accommodation disability   faq FAQ Office of Disability Accommodation disability   faq FAQ Office of Disability Accommodation disability   faq FAQ Office of Disability Accommodation disability   faq FAQ Office of Disability Accommodation disability   faq FAQ Office of Disability Accommodation disability   faq FAQ Office of Disability Accommodation disability   faq FAQ Office of Disability Accommodation disability   faq FAQ Office of Disability Accommodation disability   faq FAQ Office of Disability Accommodation  FAQ | Office of Disability Accommodation Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Services » Services Apply for Services Request Reasonable Accomodation Service and Comfort Animals File a Grievance Psychiatric Services Hearing Disabilities Vision Disabilities Physical and Medical Conditions Learning Disabilities & ADD/ADHD Message for Students Tips for Professionals Testing Center Parents, Faculty & Staff » Parents, Faculty & Staff Information for Parents Information for Faculty and Staff ADA Taglines for Publications and Syllabi Forms Resources Events FAQ About Us DSA Home Search form Search Office of Disability Accommodation MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of Disability Accommodation Main menu Home ServicesApply for Services Request Reasonable Accomodation Service and Comfort Animals File a Grievance Psychiatric Services Hearing Disabilities Vision Disabilities Physical and Medical Conditions Learning Disabilities & ADD/ADHD Message for Students Tips for Professionals Testing Center Parents, Faculty & StaffInformation for Parents Information for Faculty and Staff ADA Taglines for Publications and Syllabi Forms Resources Events FAQ About Us DSA Home FAQ How do I register with your office? You must first drop off a current copy of your documentation (see http://disability.unt.edu/services/apply) and an ODA application for services in Sage Hall Room 167. New documentation will be reviewed every Friday. The Documentation Review Committee will determine if you are eligible for reasonable accommodations. After approval, you will be contacted to arrange anode orientation or to meet with a counselor if more information is required. For more information, see Apply for Services. Back to Top Where can I find your office? http://disability.unt.edu/about Back to Top What do I do when I receive an official form letter from the ODA? Students You will receive a copy for your personal records and copies for all of your classes. This letter should be given to your course instructor as soon as you wish to begin receiving services. Requests for modification letters are not retroactive. Thus, if you do not provide the instructor with the request, you may not receive reasonable accommodations in the learning environment. Until you provide a copy of the request. Or, you may not be allowed to apply modifications to previous course work. Notice that the letter does not specify your condition. It only specifies the recommended reasonable accommodations. When you discuss your condition or services with the instructor, we recommend that you set up an appointment with the instructor during office hours for a private discussion. Professors First, read it carefully. It is a formal notice, signifying that the student has furnished the university with documentation of a disability, which he or she feels will impact the learning situation. Second, discuss the request with the student. The letter lists the reasonable accommodations which have been recommended by the physician, diagnostician, or counselor as compensation methods. If you do not understand why the specific adjustment was requested, ask the student to talk with you. You may want to call the Office of Disability Accommodation at (940) 565-4323 to request more details. You may want to talk to your department's ADA liaison or other appropriate departmental official. Third, regardless of disability, all students must be able to meet the essential competencies for your course. Naturally, if the student cannot meet them without reasonable accommodations, he/she must be given an opportunity to meet them with reasonable accommodations. If you are unable to fulfill the student's request, ask yourself the following questions. Will the student's request affect an "essential competency?" Is there a better way to make the class/requirement accessible? Is the request reasonable? Do I have an alternative suggestion? Discuss the request with the student and try to find a compromise. Tell the student why you cannot meet the original request and what reasonable accommodations you can make. But please, never deny reasonable accommodations without first discussing the matter with the ODA. Fourth, if you cannot work out an alternative that is agreeable to both you and the student, involve your department's ADA liaison or other appropriate department official in the process. If there is still no way that you and your department can reasonably accommodate the student and have him/her meet the essential competencies of the course even after discussing the matter with the ODA, the student should be so informed. Your department should maintain a record of all efforts to provide reasonable accommodations. Back to Top What statement should I include in my class syllabus/program announcement/flyer to inform students of the process to request reasonable accommodations? See ADA Taglines for UNT Publications and Syllabus Statements. Back to Top Faq How do I register with your office? Where can I find your office? What do I do when I receive an official Letter? What statement should I include in my class documents? Visit Us Sage Hall 1167 Union Circle Sage Hall Suite 167 Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #310770 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-4323 Apply.ODA@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on March 02, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on March 02, 2017 | Important Links 