 disability   blogs oda jobs ODA JOBS Office of Disability Accommodation disability   blogs oda jobs ODA JOBS Office of Disability Accommodation disability   blogs oda jobs ODA JOBS Office of Disability Accommodation disability   blogs oda jobs ODA JOBS Office of Disability Accommodation disability   blogs oda jobs ODA JOBS Office of Disability Accommodation disability   blogs oda jobs ODA JOBS Office of Disability Accommodation disability   blogs oda jobs ODA JOBS Office of Disability Accommodation disability   blogs oda jobs ODA JOBS Office of Disability Accommodation disability   blogs oda jobs ODA JOBS Office of Disability Accommodation disability   blogs oda jobs ODA JOBS Office of Disability Accommodation  ODA JOBS! | Office of Disability Accommodation Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Services » Services Apply for Services Request Reasonable Accomodation Service and Comfort Animals File a Grievance Psychiatric Services Hearing Disabilities Vision Disabilities Physical and Medical Conditions Learning Disabilities & ADD/ADHD Message for Students Tips for Professionals Testing Center Parents, Faculty & Staff » Parents, Faculty & Staff Information for Parents Information for Faculty and Staff ADA Taglines for Publications and Syllabi Forms Resources Events FAQ About Us DSA Home Search form Search Office of Disability Accommodation MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Office of Disability Accommodation Main menu Home ServicesApply for Services Request Reasonable Accomodation Service and Comfort Animals File a Grievance Psychiatric Services Hearing Disabilities Vision Disabilities Physical and Medical Conditions Learning Disabilities & ADD/ADHD Message for Students Tips for Professionals Testing Center Parents, Faculty & StaffInformation for Parents Information for Faculty and Staff ADA Taglines for Publications and Syllabi Forms Resources Events FAQ About Us DSA Home ODA JOBS! Our plan to help students overcome the obstacles to successful employment after graduation involves close coordination with the UNT Career Center, State and Local Government, Employers and of course, you the student. First, we are focusing on the fundamentals.  Disability or not, all job seekers must understand the fundamentals of the career hunt. Interview skills, resume writing, how to find jobs, these skills must be even more finely tuned for jobseekers with disabilities.  For this, we refer students to the professionals at the UNT Career Center http://careercenter.unt.edu/. Second, obviously there are unique concerns for job seekers with disabilities that can mean the difference in being hired or not.  The ODA is offering seminars and sessions on the optimal ways to disclose a disability to employers, reasonable accommodations on the job, your rights as a jobseeker with disabilities and you can view the excellent disability employment transition videos at http://www.tsbvi.edu/distance/employment-law.html. Third, the ODA will have representatives at all the UNT job fairs (http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/events).  The goal of our presence at the job fairs is to be a resource for both you and employers on disability issues and employment.  Employers, that agree to participate, will have small signs on their table which indicate they are, “Interested in hiring a diverse workforce.”  Many of these employers will be directly contacted by the ODA to discuss the benefits employees with disabilities bring to the workforce.  We will also be ambassadors to all the employers at the job fair in an effort to encourage consideration of job candidates with disabilities.  Our staff will also be available to answer your questions and distribute materials. Lastly, the ODA will be hosting or collaborating with the following off-campus programs https://wrp.gov (Fall semesters only), http://www.cosdonline.org/full-access, http://www.viscardicenter.org/services/nbdc/emerging-leaders,  http://ehrweb01.aaas.org/entrypoint, http://www.washington.edu/doit/Brochures/overview.html.   Each summer, the American Association of People with Disabilities (AAPD) places college students, graduate students and recent graduates with disabilities in paid internships in the Washington, DC area. The internships are with Congressional offices, federal agencies and nonprofit and for-profit organizations. Program is open to students or recent graduates with any type of disability. Visit their website for an application and deadlines.     Visit Us Sage Hall 1167 Union Circle Sage Hall Suite 167 Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #310770 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-4323 Apply.ODA@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on March 02, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on March 02, 2017 | Important Links 