 computerlabs   printing Printing Information and Guidelines Student Computer Labs computerlabs   printing Printing Information and Guidelines Student Computer Labs computerlabs   printing Printing Information and Guidelines Student Computer Labs computerlabs   printing Printing Information and Guidelines Student Computer Labs computerlabs   printing Printing Information and Guidelines Student Computer Labs computerlabs   printing Printing Information and Guidelines Student Computer Labs computerlabs   printing Printing Information and Guidelines Student Computer Labs computerlabs   printing Printing Information and Guidelines Student Computer Labs computerlabs   printing Printing Information and Guidelines Student Computer Labs computerlabs   printing Printing Information and Guidelines Student Computer Labs  Printing Information and Guidelines | Student Computer Labs Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT About Us Procedures & Guidelines Hours of Operation Locations SCLM Lab Occupancy Printing Info HomePrinting Information and Guidelines Quick Reference: How does the printing credit system work? How much does printing cost per page? Is this an additional fee for printing? How can I check my printing credit balance? What if I use up all my printing credits? Printing in the UNT Student Computer Labs Printing is a service provided by the UNT Student Computer Labs (SCL) network to all currently-enrolled UNT students. To provide more services to students and to allow students to better meet their changing academic needs, as of Fall 2014 the UNT SCL network began using a print credit system. This print credit system provides students with the following benefits: Students take responsibility for their printing. Students print to meet their academic needs. SCL reduces the number of printing restrictions currently in place. SCL continues meeting the printing requirements of UNT students without raising fees. Printing Information How does the print credit system work? Each UNT student is given a virtual printing "credit" at the beginning of each semester they are enrolled. When printing at one of the UNT SCL labs, this virtual printing credit decreases based on the calculated cost of that print job. Virtual printing credits are reset back to the starting credit balance when dorms open for the start of the next semester.   Is this an additional fee for printing? The virtual printing credits students receive each semester are not "added on" to the fees students already pay, but are instead allocated from the portion of the Technology Use Fee already dedicated to supporting the Student Computer Labs. Virtual printing credits have no monetary value and cannot be transferred or converted to an actual cash balance.   How is the cost of a print job calculated? Printing is provided by the UNT SCL network at the following rates: Three cents ($0.03) for 1 single-sided Black & White sheet. Five cents ($0.05) for 1 double-sided Black & White sheet. Ten cents ($0.10) for 1 single-sided Color sheet. Nineteen cents ($0.19) for 1 double-sided Color sheet. There is no refund option once the printing credit is used, so please proofread your work before printing.  If you experienced a printing problem due to a printer malfunction, report it to the nearest lab staff for a reprint at no cost. Students who experience issues with their print credit balance should use this form to submit a support request to the ACUS (Academic Computer and User Services) Helpdesk.   How can students check their print credit balance? Students can view their current printing credit balance, overall print usage, and the environmental impact of their printing by visiting the printing.unt.edu website and logging in using their EUID and password.  Students must be on the UNT network to access this website.  Please visit helpdesk.unt.edu/vpn for information on how to access this website from off-campus locations.    What if students exceed their initial print credit? Students who expend all of their allotted printing credits may purchase additional printing credits: go to printing.unt.edu to view your account summary click on Add Credit in the menu on the left select the dollar amount you want to add, then click on the Add Value button complete the purchase using your credit card Purchased printing credits can be used to print in any UNT Student Computer Lab. However, unlike printing credits given at the start of the semester, purchased credits will carry forward to the next semester. Printing Guidelines Some labs enforce a 20 sheets per print job rule to control printing traffic.  This translates to 20-page single sided printing or 40-page double sided printing.  Ask the lab staff on-site about this rule for the particular lab visited.  Patrons are encouraged to use double-sided printing when available and appropriate. Lab Managers have the authority to restrict printing and/or lab access from any patron who abuses printing policies.  Lab Managers will document printing policy abusers and share that information with other Lab Managers.         Contact Us: Student Computer Labs Network UNT Denton Campus and Discovery Park Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2000 http://computerlabs.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. scl-chair@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? scl-chair.unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 21, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 