  library   node 2179 Services for Persons with Disabilities  Libraries  library   node 2179 Services for Persons with Disabilities  Libraries  library   node 2179 Services for Persons with Disabilities  Libraries  library   node 2179 Services for Persons with Disabilities  Libraries  library   node 2179 Services for Persons with Disabilities  Libraries  library   node 2179 Services for Persons with Disabilities  Libraries  library   node 2179 Services for Persons with Disabilities  Libraries  library   node 2179 Services for Persons with Disabilities  Libraries  library   node 2179 Services for Persons with Disabilities  Libraries  library   node 2179 Services for Persons with Disabilities  Libraries  Services for Persons with Disabilities | University of North Texas Libraries Skip to main content Services for Persons with Disabilities Information for... Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors Persons with Disabilities UNT Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Other Library Sites UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History Finding Aids Exhibits Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website University Libraries UNT Libraries Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website MENU Home Research Services About Help News & Events Find Ask Us Accounts Login Start Your Research Search it All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections UNT Special Collections Subject & Course Guides This Website Not Sure Where to Start? Enter your search terms and we'll grab results from multiple systems for you at once. Search Search Many Sources for Articles: Search Peer-Reviewed Only Full-text Available Online. Advanced Search Other Ways to Find Articles: Journal Title | In a Database | e-Journals | Google Scholar Search the Catalog Search Keyword Title Journal Title Author Subject LC Call No. Dewey Call No. Other Call No. All Collections Media Library Music Library Discovery Park Library Electronic Resources Government Documents Special Collections The Factory (Makerspace) UNT Dallas Law Library More Catalog Options: Advanced Search | Music | Media | E-Books Search for a Database Search or... Go Directly to: or... Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z or... Browse Subjects: Browse by Subject Accounting Agriculture and Veterinary Science American Indian and International Indigenous Studies Anthropology Archeology Architecture Art and Artists Art History Art Iconography and Symbolism Astronomy Autism Behavior Analysis Biography Biology Business Chemical Engineering Chemistry Communication Studies Company and Industry Research Computer Science and Engineering Construction Engineering Technology Creative Writing Criminal Justice Current Events Dance Data and Statistics Dictionaries, Directories and Encyclopedias Economics Education Educational Counseling Electrical Engineering Emergency Administration and Planning Engineering Engineering Technology English Language and Literature Environmental Sciences Ethnic studies Fashion Design Finance Forensic Science Genealogy General and Interdisciplinary Geography (Human) Geography (Physical) Geology Gerontology Government Grants History Hospitality and Tourism Management Human Resources Management Humanities Information Technology and Decision Sciences International Studies Interior Design Jewish Studies Journalism Kinesiology Latin American Studies Law and Legislation Learning Technologies LGBT Library and Information Sciences Linguistics Marketing and Advertising Materials Science and Engineering Mathematics and Statistical Methods Mechanical and Energy Engineering Medicine and Health Merchandising and Digital Retailing Military Studies Music Newspapers Philosophy Photography Physics Political science Psychology Public Administration Radio, Television and Film Recreation and Leisure Studies Reference Rehabilitation Studies Religion Sciences Social Sciences Social Work Sociology Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology Studio Art Technical Writing Theater Transportation and Aviation Logistics Women Studies/Gender World Languages, Literatures, & Cultures Browse Frequently Used: Academic Search Complete | EBSCOhost | JSTOR | Lexis Nexis Academic | ScienceDirect | Web of Knowledge Search for an e-Journal Search Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Numbers & Dates | Non-Roman Characters Browse Subjects: Art, Architecture & Applied Arts Business & Economics Earth & Environmental Sciences Engineering & Applied Sciences General Health & Biological Sciences History & Archaeology Journalism & Communications Languages & Literatures Law, Politics & Government Music, Dance, Drama & Film Philosophy & Religion Physical Sciences & Mathematics Social Sciences Browse Other Ways to Find Articles: Databases | Find Online Articles | Google Scholar Search the UNT Digital Collections Search Jump To: UNT Digital Library | The Portal to Texas History | UNT Scholarly Works Search the UNT Special Collections Search Jump To: Browse Finding Aids | Exhibits | Special Collections Search Subject & Course Guides Search Browse Subjects Browse Courses Search this Website Find information about the libraries, its services, policies, past news, events, exhibits, etc. SearchSearch Most Requested About Borrowing Citations & Styles Course Reserves Dept. Directory Faculty Services FAQs Interlibrary Loan Jobs Locations & Hours Media & Music Online Holds RefWorks | Legacy Renewing Study Rooms Subjects & Courses 24 Commons Account Login, ILL, & Renewals Borrowing & Returning Doing Research Getting Help Locations & Hours Paying Fines People & Departments Media & Music Search Course Reserves Services & Policies Reserve a Study Room (Students) Ask Us Your Questions 940.565.3245 Toggle Dropdown 940.565.3245 : Reference Help 940.565.2413 : Willis 940.369.7200 : Discovery Park 940.565.2194 : Eagle Commons 940.565.2480 : Media 940.565.2606 : Collection Management 940.565.3025 : Administrative Offices Dept. Directory Email Subject Librarians Problems Computers & Technology Facilities Website Other Find a Subject Librarian Study & Create Computers Printing Spaces Home Services Persons with Disabilities Persons with Disabilities General Information UNT Libraries strive to maintain reasonable accommodations for users with disabilities. Any library user with a disability that will require additional accommodations regarding software or equipment must present a written request to one of the following persons: Scott Jackson Assistant Dean, Library Facilities and Systems Willis Library, Room 260 (940) 565-3024 E-mail: Scott.Jackson@unt.edu Ron Venable Director, Office of Disability Accommodation  Sage Hall, Suite 167, (940) 565-2199  E-mail: ronv@unt.edu Policies & Procedures The UNT Libraries Disability Accommodation Policy is available online. Please also see the UNT Disability Accommodation Policy for Students and Academic Units (18.1.14).   University of North Texas AA/EOE/ADA Information. As per Library Use Policies, trained service animals are the only animals permitted in the Libraries. The UNT Libraries recommend that students register with the Office of Disability Accommodation, Sage Hall, Suite 167, (940) 565-4323. Facilities There are accessible tables, carrels, and computers available on each floor of Willis Library and on the main floo​rs of the Eagle Commons Library, Media Library, and Discovery Park Library. Media Library viewing carrels are wheelchair accessible and a private viewing room is available for patrons with special viewing needs. Reference Services Reference assistance offered in Willis Library includes assistance by telephone, reference by appointment for one-on-one consultation, E-mail reference.  Reference by Appointment: This service is available to those needing in-depth reference assistance. Please inform the staff of your special needs, so they can better accommodate you. E-Mail Reference: - E-mail form for submitting questions to reference staff. Ask Us: Reference Services at the UNT Libraries. Materials Retrieval Users with disabilities that prevent them from retrieving library materials may request at a service desk that materials be pulled for them. List of Service Desks by Building The request for assistance may be made in person, by phone, or by e-mail. Government Documents can make arrangements for community members not affiliated with UNT to use electronic government information products in the Adaptive Computer Lab or other approved facilities. The following accessible items are available through the Media Library: Video recordings for the hearing impaired Audio Books Access Services (Circulation & ILL) Circulating Items may be renewed through the UNT Library Catalog. Circulation also offers material delivery and distance learning services. Photocopy Services Call the Help Desk at (940) 565-3024 for assistance. Adaptive Equipment Computers Facilities and Systems supports all the computers in the Libraries, including those with special software to assist patrons with disabilities. All public computers have the following software installed: JAWS 13 | JAWS PDF Quickstart Guide MAGic 11 | MAGic PDF User's Guide Windows integrated adaptive software TOPAZ Desktop Magnifier The TOPAZ Desktop Magnifier is located in the ADA Assistive Devices area on  the First Floor of Willis Library. The TOPAZ Desktop Video Magnifier makes seeing printed type, pictures, handwriting and small details easier. Place a letter or picture on the moveable reading table, and adjust the magnification level and the display colors to work best for your eyesight. The document displays in large size on the screen. Kurzweil 3000 The Kurzweil 3000 is located in the ADA Assistive Devices area on  the First Floor of Willis Library. The Kurzweil 3000 provides literacy support with built-in tools for reading, writing, and study skills to help students become independent learners. Perkins Brailer The Perkins Brailer is located in the ADA Assistive Devices area on the First Floor of Willis Library. The Perkins Brailer is available for use by visually impaired patrons. 24 Hour Student Computing Commons @ the Library The UNT 24 Commons strives to maintain reasonable accommodations for patrons with disabilities. In an effort to best meet the computing needs of patrons with adaptive requests UNT created an adaptive lab. The Academic Computing Services (ACS) Student Computer Lab is designed specifically to meet the needs of disabled or adaptive needs patrons. The ACS Adaptive Lab is located in Sycamore Hall, Room 104. Additionally, the 24 Commons strives to provide reasonable accommodations for patrons with disabilities. Every workstation in the computer lab has the Windows Ease of Access Wizard configured for student use for DELL workstation and the Universal Access Wizard for APPLE workstations. Additional adaptive resources on SCL workstation in Willis are: JAWS 13 | JAWS PDF Quickstart Guide MAGic 11 | MAGic PDF User's Guide Windows integrated adaptive software Any student with a disability that will require additional accommodations must present a written accommodation request to: Judy Hunter 24 Hour Lab Administrator 24 Hour Student Computing Commons @ the Library: a member of the Student Computer Lab Network Willis Library (940) 369-7462 Judy.Hunter@unt.edu or to Cathy Hartman or Ron Venable, listed above. Services by Category All Borrowing and Delivery Technology and Computing Study Spaces Scholarly and Professional Research and Instruction Other Services Filter by Audience Community Members and Visitors Faculty & Staff Graduate Students Persons with Disabilities Locations & Hours Select Location Willis Library Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media Library Annex Mail University Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 Partnerships The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library. The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center. Contact 940.565.2411 Research Questions Staff Directory Computer & Technology Problems Facilities Problems Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home 