 iii library    Libraries Catalog iii library    Libraries Catalog iii library    Libraries Catalog iii library    Libraries Catalog iii library    Libraries Catalog iii library    Libraries Catalog iii library    Libraries Catalog iii library    Libraries Catalog iii library    Libraries Catalog iii library    Libraries Catalog  UNT Libraries: Catalog Skip to content Information for... Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors Persons with Disabilities UNT Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Other Library Sites UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History Finding Aids Exhibits Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website University Libraries UNT Libraries Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website MENU Home Research Services About Help News & Events Ask Us Accounts Login Library Catalog   New Search Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you. Search the UNT Library Catalog Use this system to locate items owned or subscribed to by the UNT Libraries. Basic Search Advanced Search Journal Title Author & Title Number Search Searching: Keyword Title Author Subject   Type Your Search Term(s)*  Search Tips   Material (Recommended) ANY 3D Objects Archival Collections Audio Books Books Computer Files Databases DVDs, VHS Tapes, and Films E-Books E-Journals Educational Kits Journals Manuscripts Maps Maps, Unpublished Music Recordings and CDs Music Scores Music Scores, Unpublished Music Scores, Dissertations Print Graphics Theses and Dissertations   Collection (Optional) Search Scope All Collections Media Library Music Library Discovery Park Library Electronic Resources Government Documents Special Collections The Factory (Makerspace) UNT Dallas Law Library   Submit Catalog News and Announcements Online Holds Limit Increased Due to the high demand for online holds, we have increased the maximum number of holds that patrons may have from 10 to 25. Remember that holds are cleared when you pick up the requested item, when you cancel the hold, or when the hold expires. For more information about holds, please see the Online Holds Service page. Your Feedback Is Important To Us! We want to continually improve our catalog and other resource discovery interfaces. Your opinions and suggestions are very important to us. Tell us what you think about the catalog! Display Problems? Clear out any old catalog code by hitting CTRL + F5 (Windows) or CMD + SHIFT + R (Mac) in your browser. Other Catalog Searches   Media Library Catalog Locate films, games, and other multimedia.   Music Library Catalog Find audio recordings, scores, books, and other music related items.   Course Reserves Find books, articles, music, and other items placed on reserves for a class. Find Databases & e-Journals   Databases Find research materials using one of our many specialized subscription-based online systems.   e-Journals Find a journal that is available online.   e-Books Find a book that is available online. Recent Acquisitions   Best SellersNew BooksGamesAudioVideoDigital Collections Browse the newest items in our collections.   Suggest a Purchase Think we should purchase something? Suggest it here. Locations & Hours Select Location Willis Library Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media Library Annex Mail University Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 Partnerships The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library. The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center. Contact 940.565.2413 Research Questions Staff Directory Computer & Technology Problems Facilities Problems Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home Powered by Sierra 