 texashistory   The Portal to Texas History texashistory   The Portal to Texas History texashistory   The Portal to Texas History texashistory   The Portal to Texas History texashistory   The Portal to Texas History texashistory   The Portal to Texas History texashistory   The Portal to Texas History texashistory   The Portal to Texas History texashistory   The Portal to Texas History texashistory   The Portal to Texas History  The Portal to Texas History The Portal is a gateway to Texas history materials. You may discover anything from an ancestor's picture in a college yearbook to a rare historical map. The Portal to Texas History Search Terms: Any Type Everything Set As Default Filter Popular Resource Types Newspapers Set As Default Photos, Maps, and other Images Set As Default Texts, Books, Documents Set As Default All Resource Types Articles Set As Default Artworks Set As Default Books Set As Default Book Chapters Set As Default Clippings Set As Default Collections Set As Default Datasets Set As Default Images Set As Default Interactive Resources Set As Default Journal/Magazine/Newsletters Set As Default Legal Documents Set As Default Legislative Documents Set As Default Letters Set As Default Maps Set As Default Musical Score/Notations Set As Default Newspapers Set As Default Pamphlets Set As Default Papers Set As Default Patents Set As Default Photographs Set As Default Physical Objects Set As Default Poems Set As Default Postcards Set As Default Posters Set As Default Presentations Set As Default Prose fictions Set As Default Reports Set As Default Reviews Set As Default Scripts Set As Default Sounds Set As Default Technical Drawings Set As Default Texts Set As Default Thesis or Dissertations Set As Default Videos Set As Default Yearbooks Set As Default Search Background Image Source Select to get the source of the background image's source on this site. A gateway to rare, historical, and primary source materials from or about Texas. About the Portal Search Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search Searching Help Explore by Explore by Collection Explore by Partner Explore by Location Explore by Subject Explore by Resource Type Explore by Dates Explore by Publication Title Take a Tour Collection Highlights This section provides a sampling of some of our collections. Texas Digital Newspaper Program Check out the News from: 25 years ago in May, 1992 50 years ago in May, 1967 75 years ago in May, 1942 100 years ago in May, 1917 150 years ago in May, 1867 This day in history More Collections Camp Barkeley Newspapers Once located near the current Dyess Air Force Base, Camp Barkeley was one of the largest U.S. military installations ... St. Mary's Rattler The Rattler is a bimonthly student-run newspaper at St. Mary's University in San Antonio that has been in publication ... The Margaret Formby Memorial Collection This fully-searchable collection includes more than 374 historical newspapers published in Hereford, Texas from 1901-1908. It was made possible by ... The Greenville Morning Herald The Greenville Morning Herald documented the complex history of Greenville, with topics ranging from agricultural and international news as well ... Explore all 477 Collections Featured Partner Every time you visit this page, we'll highlight a different partner in this section. University of Houston Libraries' Special Collections The University of Houston Libraries' Special Collections presents a large collection of personal letters from Mary (Mrs. Anson) Jones, dated between 1866 to 1882, discussing local affairs, family and friends. After Anson Jones's death, there were issues relating to land claims and taxes on land owned by the family. The bulk of the letters are to Mary Jones's son, Cromwell Anson Jones. About This Partner Browse Contributed Items Explore all 347 Partners News and Announcements Horse Photos Featured in New Book The UNT Libraries recently published Through the Lenses of Ray Bankston and Don Shugart, a captivating sample of the extensive collection of prints and negatives held in the Libraries’ Special Collections. Ray Bankston and Don Shugart were two of the most prolific photographers of American Quarter Horses and horse show events in the South and Southwest during the last four decades of the twentieth century. Their work is also featured in The Portal to Texas History’s Ray and Joyce Bankston Dalco Photography and Don Shugart Photography Collections. This section provides ways for you to get periodic updates about the site, and links to share it on popular social media networks. Subscribe Get monthly updates in your in-box Follow Us Updates News New Items New Partners New Collections Share Twitter Facebook Pinterest Tumblr What we do: Educate, Preserve, Build Hundreds of years of Texas' cultural heritage exist in the physical holdings of communities across the state. The Portal seeks to digitize originals, preserving and presenting online copies for the long-term. Doing so highlights hidden collections, builds statewide connections, and provides access to you, regardless of the time or your location. Resources4 Educators We offer teaching materials that connect K-12 students with primary source historical documents to dramatically enrich their learning. "We are very excited about the outstanding lessons on your site and plan to use it as one of the cornerstones of implementing a long needed overhaul on the method of instruction for Texas history." Daniel M. Reyes, San Antonio ISD Find Teaching Materials Texas Digital Newspaper Program Learners of all ages can use TDNP to stand in the shoes of people from over 180 years ago to the present. Through our newspaper collection, we provide an understanding of the lives of Texans across history and miles. "The newspaper digitization project places our library in position to reach out toward the future. By taking a piece of the past and bringing it with us, we are sure to grow and learn, appreciate and respect what was, what is and what will be." Leslie Whitaker, Claude Public Library About the Program Rescuing Texas History The Portal to Texas History periodically offers mini-grants for its Rescuing Texas History series. Each grant provides up to $1,000 of digitization services to libraries, museums, historical societies, and other groups that house historical materials. All of the materials are scanned at UNT Libraries and hosted on the Portal. "I collect old Texas photographs. Thanks to the Portal, they can now be viewed by the world." Brad Willis — T. B. Willis Photograph Collection Submit a Project Help Us Save Texas History! Last month, we counted 889,447 uses of items on the Portal by people all over the world. Many were provided by small communities and funded by the generosity of donors like you. Become a Partner Information for libraries, museums, schools, historical societies, civic groups, and individuals interested in the digital preservation and sharing of cultural heritage materials on this site. Participate On-line Giving You can support the preservation of small, disappearing, and at-risk communities and provide free access to them for students, educators, and researchers of all ages and abilities. Donate Get in Touch Questions / Feedback Report Problems Follow Along New Items (RSS) News Facebook Additional Resources Resources for Educators K-12 lesson plans, tools, and other help for history teachers. Gateway to Oklahoma History Historic newspapers digitized from across the Red River. UNT Digital Library UNT's history and scholarship, library special collections, plus a large collection of U.S. government documents. UNT Digital Projects Unit For partners and peer institutions seeking information about standards, project requests, and our services. Make a Donation We've created an endowment to improve everyone's access to primary sources online. Your support aids students of all ages, rural communities, as well as independant and professional researchers. Donate Now Get Updates in Your Inbox Get Updates in your Inbox Sign up for our periodic e-mail newsletter, and get news about our collections, new partnerships, information on resesearch, trivia, awards, and more. External Links UNT Libraries Terms Privacy Accessibility State of Texas Online Updated: Friday, May 05, 2017 Back to Top of Screen 