 findingaids library    Special Collections findingaids library    Special Collections findingaids library    Special Collections findingaids library    Special Collections findingaids library    Special Collections findingaids library    Special Collections findingaids library    Special Collections findingaids library    Special Collections findingaids library    Special Collections findingaids library    Special Collections  University of North Texas Special Collections  UNT Libraries Home  Hours & Locations  Contact Us Admin Log In University of North Texas Libraries Collections Digital Content Subjects Creators Requests Departments   University of North Texas Special Collections UNT Libraries: Finding Aids Search descriptions of archives, manuscripts, photography, artifacts and other special collections held by UNT Libraries.   search tips     Browse Collections Special collections are held by multiple library departments and cover a wide range of subjects, formats and genres. Use this tool to browse descriptions of our unique holdings. Browse by letter or view all. Other Ways to Browse: Digital Content | Subjects | Creators | Departments | Requests Additional Information Contributors The following groups have contributed collections to this site: Archives & Rare Books Music Library Media Library Helpful Links Need access to materials? Want to make a donation? Have questions about policies or other questions? See the following: Schedule Research Appointment. Library Directory Locations and Hours Service Desks Giving to the Libraries Policies &Procedures   Tip: Whenever you see this icon: , you can click it to save the item for later viewing & to request for onsite viewing. Your 'saved items' are linked at the top of every page and can be removed at any time. Default Behaviors The search engine looks for records containing every term you submit. Search By Phrase Use double quotes around your search query. (e.g "Festival of Contemporary Arts") Narrow Your Search Results Use a minus sign before a term you want to omit from your results. (e.g. 'bass -fish' finds bass guitars but not bass fishing.) Browse by collection title, subject, name, or classification. Contact Information: University of North Texas Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 (940) 565-2413 Locations, Maps, and Hours Email Us: Report a Problem Tell us how we are doing UNT Links Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Web Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness UNT Libraries is a designated Federal Depository Library UNT Libraries is a designated Texas State Depository Library Mobile Site | ©2012 UNT Libraries Username: Password:     Remember me?   Register   Page Generated in: 0.067 seconds (using 39 queries). Using 7.95MB of memory. (Peak of 8.06MB.) Powered by Archon Version 3.21 Copyright ©2011 The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 