 exhibits library   University Libraries Exhibits exhibits library   University Libraries Exhibits exhibits library   University Libraries Exhibits exhibits library   University Libraries Exhibits exhibits library   University Libraries Exhibits exhibits library   University Libraries Exhibits exhibits library   University Libraries Exhibits exhibits library   University Libraries Exhibits exhibits library   University Libraries Exhibits exhibits library   University Libraries Exhibits  University Libraries | Exhibits Skip to main content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Search UNT Seach University Libraries Exhibits Browse Toggle navigation Help Research Services About The Lost Generation : World War I Poetry Selected from the Donald Thomas War Poetry Collection Proof: The Byrd Williams Family Photography Archive Growing Up Green: 1941-2015 UNT: The First 50 Years Artists’ Book Competition Bureaucracy : A Love Story The Vann Victorian Collection Bankston, Shugart and Stryker : Horse Country Photographers Raíces : Raza History at UNT Legends of the Mean Green : A Century of UNT Football See a list of all our past exhibits Research Exhibits Search this site Search the contents of this site. Catalog Search the catalog Find books, music, media, and more. Finding Aids Search Finding Aids Locate physical materials in the special collections. Digital Collections Search Finding Aids Find items in the UNT Digital Libraries, the Portal to Texas History and more. Subject Guides Search Subject Guides Find items on a number of topics in librarian curated guides. Spaces The Special Collections department collects and preserves rare and unique materials including rare books, oral histories, university archives, historical manuscripts, maps, microfilm, photographs, art and artifacts. Students, faculty and the public are welcome to access collections and view special exhibits in the Judge Sarah T. Hughes Reading Room located on the fourth floor of Willis Library. Read more about Support University Libraries are the heart of learning and research at UNT. Libraries’ faculty and staff offer outstanding core library services, provide leading-edge technology and support, and enhance the campus community with special events throughout the year. The libraries are a driver in providing open access to information and knowledge, showcasing the scholarly and artistic works of UNT’s faculty and staff, and helping UNT’s students succeed. Read more about University Libraries Contact Information University of North Texas Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 (940) 565-2411 Locations, Maps, and Hours Contact Us Online Tell us how we are doing Report a problem Submit a help ticket Request a New Exhibit | login/user account Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy   |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  UNT Home 