 giving   ways to give Ways to Give Giving to  giving   ways to give Ways to Give Giving to  giving   ways to give Ways to Give Giving to  giving   ways to give Ways to Give Giving to  giving   ways to give Ways to Give Giving to  giving   ways to give Ways to Give Giving to  giving   ways to give Ways to Give Giving to  giving   ways to give Ways to Give Giving to  giving   ways to give Ways to Give Giving to  giving   ways to give Ways to Give Giving to   Ways to Give | Giving to UNT Skip to main content Quick LInks MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Search form Search Giving to UNT Main menu Home Why Give Ways to Give Our Supporters Your Trust Giving News Contact Us Update Contact Information Ways to Give When you give to the University of North Texas, your gift will be transformative. Every gift – no matter its size or form – makes a difference for our campus, students and programs. Your gift will play a critical role in the current and future success of UNT. You are hereHome » Ways to Give Follow Us The Powerof Scholarship Read Blaine's story » “No one bleeds more green than I do, and the only reason I am able to be part of UNT is because I received financial assistance.” Blaine Berend, History Senior, Emerald Eagle Scholar Ways to Give You have a world of options for making a gift. These choices enable you to make the impact you want, when you want, the way you choose. Outright gifts can be made online, by mail or in person and are the fastest, easiest way to make an immediate impact on the university Annual Gifts enrich student life, scholarships, research and academic programming, and are critical to the growth and continued success of the university Memorial or Honorary Gifts recognize special people through a gift to the university Planned giving options allow you to leave your legacy by creating a long-lasting gift to UNT Matching gifts allow your organization or company to multiply your impact Get Involved contribute your time and talents to helping us achieve success in our university activities and initiatives Give Now Ready to make a gift to UNT? Choose the method that works best Make a gift online with our secure site Call us toll-free at (940) 369-8200  Give by postal mail University of North Texas Division of Advancement 1155 Union Circle, #311250 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Checks should be made payable to the UNT Foundation Inc., indicating the desired gift designation on the memo line. For UNT faculty and staff Every year, the UNT faculty and staff contribute generous funds to the annual We Care We Count Faculty and Staff Giving Campaign. The money raised is used to further our students, faculty, staff, campus and programming. Learn more about how you can make a difference this year » You also have the option to give via payroll deduction. Download the payroll deduction form » Thank you for your generous support! Contact Information Contact Information University of North Texas Division of Advancement 1155 Union Circle #311250 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Phone: (940) 565-2900 Toll Free: (800) 868-1153 TTY: (940) 369-8652 Email Us Email Us For questions about content in this web site, contact advancement@unt.edu. UNT System UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System   