 press    Press PRESS press    Press PRESS press    Press PRESS press    Press PRESS press    Press PRESS press    Press PRESS press    Press PRESS press    Press PRESS press    Press PRESS press    Press PRESS  University of North Texas Press | UNTPRESS Skip to main content Toggle navigation Home FAQ Order Catalog Contest Information Digital Collections Search form Search     "Corcoran's book is the work of a rock and roll detective." —Peter Stothard, The Times of London     “This is one hell of a story, an account of a notorious gunfighter in the mold of the most legendary ‘anti-heroes’ of the American Southwest.” —Michael L. Collins, author of Texas Devils       “Sutherland Springs, Texas, will be recognized for its thorough research and scholarship.” —M.J. Morgan, author of Border Sanctuary and Land of Big Rivers     “With its distinguished array of authors and impressive array of topics, this volume will be welcomed by readers of Texas history.” —Patrick G. Williams, author of Beyond Redemption     “A fascinating and highly relevant argument out of some complicated material.” —Alan Warren, author of Burma 1942         “Thumbs up!” —Merle Haggard     “Thank goodness for people like Carol Comer and Dianne Gregg who did their part to lift our culture by supporting and sharing with the world powerful music by powerful musicians who happened to be women.” —Maria Schneider, Grammy Award-winning composer and big-band leader     “This will be a very successful book—with topics part familiar and part surprising, but always informative and entertaining.” —Cary D. Wintz, co-editor of Major Problems in Texas History     “An absorbing, skillfully told narrative biography that effectively transports the reader to a rugged and lawless century past.” —Midwest Book Review     “Her poems are marked by bursts of lyric beauty, deft storytelling, and haunting set pieces.” —Geoffrey Brock, author of Voices Bright Flags and judge UNT Press publishes two books this month.  All Over the Map: True Heroes of Texas Music by Michael Corcoran Graham Barnett: A Dangerous Man by James L. Coffey, Russell M. Drake, and John T. Barnett New/Forthcoming See All » Accidental Activists: Mark Phariss, Vic Holmes, and Their Fight for Marriage Equality in Texas Death on the Lonely Llano Estacado: The Assassination of J. W. Jarrott, a Forgotten Hero Texas Rangers: Lives, Legend, and Legacy Ordered West: The Civil War Exploits of Charles A. Curtis The Best American Newspaper Narratives, Volume 4 All Over the Map: True Heroes of Texas Music Graham Barnett: A Dangerous Man John Ringo, King of the Cowboys: His Life and Times from the Hoo Doo War to Tombstone, Second Edition Ornament Stilwell and Mountbatten in Burma: Allies at War, 1943-1944 Changing the Tune: The Kansas City Women’s Jazz Festival, 1978-1985 Single Star of the West: The Republic of Texas, 1836-1845 Eavesdropping on Texas History Living in the Woods in a Tree: Remembering Blaze Foley Sutherland Springs, Texas: Saratoga on the Cibolo WASP of the Ferry Command: Women Pilots, Uncommon Deeds Thirty-three Years, Thirty-three Works: Celebrating the Contributions of F. E. Abernethy, Texas Folklore Society Secretary-Editor, 1971-2004 Proof: Photographs from Four Generations of a Texas Family The Expense of a View Women in Civil War Texas: Diversity and Dissidence in the Trans-Mississippi BestSellers See All » Finish Forty and Home: The Untold World War II Story of B-24s in the Pacific Command Culture: Officer Education in the U.S. Army and the German Armed Forces, 1901-1940, and the Consequences for World War II The View from the Back of the Band: The Life and Music of Mel Lewis A Lawless Breed: John Wesley Hardin, Texas Reconstruction, and Violence in the Wild West Pacific Blitzkrieg: World War II in the Central Pacific William & Rosalie: A Holocaust Testimony Rattler One-Seven: A Vietnam Helicopter Pilot's War Story The Texas Cookbook: From Barbecue to Banquet - An Informal View of Dining and Entertaining the Texas Way Convict Cowboys: The Untold History of the Texas Prison Rodeo A Sniper in the Tower: The Charles Whitman Murders A Different Face of War: Memories of a Medical Service Corps Officer in Vietnam WASP of the Ferry Command: Women Pilots, Uncommon Deeds Goodbye Gluten: Happy Healthy Delicious Eating with a Texas Twist A Deeper Blue: The Life and Music of Townes Van Zandt Shoot the Conductor: Too Close to Monteux, Szell, and Ormandy Find a Book by Title Subject Author Series New/Forthcoming BestSellers Award-Winning Titles Recommended Texts Excerpts Open Access Texts Information for Buying Our Ebooks Potential Authors Contracted Authors Classroom Adoption Media Rights & Permissions About the UNTPRESS Mission Statement Support UNTPRESS Contact Us Events Facebook Events ​ Contact Information Mailing Address: 1155 Union Circle #311336  Denton, TX 76203-5017 Physical Address: 1506 W. Highland Street Willis Library, Room 251P Denton, TX 76201 Phone: (940) 565-2142 FAX: (940) 369-8760 Technical Support For Technical Problems with this website, please contact ui.library@unt.edu. Web design & development by: User Interfaces Unit @ UNT Libraries Service maintained by: The University of North Texas Libraries © 2011 University of North Texas Press—All rights reserved.  UNT Links UNT UNT Libraries   Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Web Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness 