 openaccess   Open Access  openaccess   Open Access  openaccess   Open Access  openaccess   Open Access  openaccess   Open Access  openaccess   Open Access  openaccess   Open Access  openaccess   Open Access  openaccess   Open Access  openaccess   Open Access   Open Access @ UNT Skip to main content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Search UNT Seach Open Access @ UNT Browse Toggle navigation Home About Policy Resources Denton Declaration FAQ Symposia OA Week Open Access @ UNT is an initiative that provides information about the open access movement and engages researchers at UNT by providing information about UNT's adoption of an institutional open access policy. This website provides links to resources about open access information about the annual symposium and other news and events related to open access. Upcoming Open Access Symposium 2017 Thursday, May 18, 2017 to Friday, May 19, 2017 On Twitter Tweets by @OAatUNT News DCCCD's Vice Chancellor of Workforce and Economic Development to speak at UNT Open Access Symposium 2017; early registration ends April 30 We've just added a panelist to the program for this year's Open Access Symposium: Mark Hays, who serves as Vice Chancellor of Workforce and Economic Development for the Dallas County Community College District.  Hays is the central point of contact for private or public entities who need information about or resources and solutions for workforce training and job development as well as business creation or expansion.  He will speak about the work of DCCCD's Labor Market Intelligence Center. #DataRescueDenton on Saturday, May 20: registration now open #DataRescueDenton will be held on Saturday, May 20, in Denton, just after the Open Access Symposium 2017 in Frisco. #DataRescueDenton is an opportunity for programmers, scientists, archivists, activists, and volunteers of all kinds to identify, back-up, and help preserve publicly accessible federal data resources in the public interest, in the event they are removed from public view and use. We will hear from experts on the challenges of preserving born-digital at-risk data and related issues followed by breakout sessions for the hack-a-thon. UNT Open Access Symposium 2017: registration, travel information, and program Registration is now open for the UNT Open Access Symposium 2017, to be held May 18-19 in Frisco, Texas.  We have a nearly final program online, plus information on travel and accommodation and on child care. schedule outline for UNT Open Access Symposium 2017 We are still finalizing the program for this year's Open Access Symposium.  The symposium will begin on Thursday, May 18, with a workshop on OpenRefine from 12 to 1:30 p.m. and then a workshop on using US Census data from 2 to 5 p.m. Friday features presentations and panel discussions from approximately 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. A single registration fee will cover attendance on both days.   RSS Feed University Libraries Contact Information University of North Texas Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 (940) 565-2411 Locations, Maps, and Hours Contact Us Online Tell us how we are doing Report a problem Submit a help ticket Powered by Drupal Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy   |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  UNT Home 