 giving   our supporters Our Supporters Giving to  giving   our supporters Our Supporters Giving to  giving   our supporters Our Supporters Giving to  giving   our supporters Our Supporters Giving to  giving   our supporters Our Supporters Giving to  giving   our supporters Our Supporters Giving to  giving   our supporters Our Supporters Giving to  giving   our supporters Our Supporters Giving to  giving   our supporters Our Supporters Giving to  giving   our supporters Our Supporters Giving to   Our Supporters | Giving to UNT Skip to main content Quick LInks MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Search form Search Giving to UNT Main menu Home Why Give Ways to Give Our Supporters Your Trust Giving News Contact Us Update Contact Information Our Supporters UNT donors are a diverse group with uniquely personal reasons for supporting the university. They are undergraduate students, recent graduates, alumni, friends, faculty, staff, parents, corporations, foundations and sports fans—all united by their belief that UNT transforms lives, engages in cutting-edge research and enriches our community, the nation and the world. You are hereHome » Our Supporters Follow Us The Powerof Scholarship Read Leidy's story » “I wrote a letter to the program head and told her how much I needed the scholarship to be able to attend UNT and that I wanted to be there and that I would give it my all.” Leidy Guarin, Development and Family Studies Junior, Emerald Eagle Scholar Our Supporters UNT enjoys a broad spectrum of support from: Alumni Corporations and foundations Faculty and staff Friends Parents and families Campaign Volunteers No matter the size of your gift, your support for UNT transforms lives. No matter your reason for giving, you will help today’s students become tomorrow’s leaders. Your gifts promote cutting-edge research, drive innovation and discovery, build world-class facilities and proclaim to North Texas and beyond that UNT is poised to take its place among the great universities. We value every contribution to the university and work to recognize and thank each of you for your commitment to UNT. The university honors individuals who give at certain levels through membership in lifetime giving societies, including the McConnell Society, the Matthews Society, the Kendall Society, the Chilton Society, the 1890 Society and the President’s Council. The Founders Circle was created in 2010 to bring the members of UNT’s top three giving societies together for events that honor their commitment to the university. The Founders Circle includes all donors whose lifetime contributions to UNT exceed $100,000. The Founders Circle includes: The McConnell Society The Matthews Society The Kendall Society The Chilton Society President's Council The President's Council recognizes lifetime giving of $25,000 to $99,999. 1890 Society The 1890 Society honors those who have named the university in their estate plans. Ernie Kuehne Jr. (’66): ‘UNT shaped me as a person and prepared me for life’ Ernie Kuehne Jr. ('66) is incredibly proud of UNT's diversity. He says the university's campus culture broadened his worldview and prepared him for professional success. Kuehne chaired a successful fundraising effort to build a dedicated basketball practice, donating $1 million to the project. Read the full story »   Contact Information Contact Information University of North Texas Division of Advancement 1155 Union Circle #311250 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Phone: (940) 565-2900 Toll Free: (800) 868-1153 TTY: (940) 369-8652 Email Us Email Us For questions about content in this web site, contact advancement@unt.edu. UNT System UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System   