 giving   your trust Your Trust Giving to  giving   your trust Your Trust Giving to  giving   your trust Your Trust Giving to  giving   your trust Your Trust Giving to  giving   your trust Your Trust Giving to  giving   your trust Your Trust Giving to  giving   your trust Your Trust Giving to  giving   your trust Your Trust Giving to  giving   your trust Your Trust Giving to  giving   your trust Your Trust Giving to   Your Trust | Giving to UNT Skip to main content Quick LInks MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Search form Search Giving to UNT Main menu Home Why Give Ways to Give Our Supporters Your Trust Giving News Contact Us Update Contact Information Your Trust The Division of Advancement and the UNT Foundation Inc. are committed to forging partnerships between the philanthropic goals of donors and the university’s programs and priorities. In doing so, the division and the Foundation adhere to the highest ethical standards, philanthropic practices and management standards for each gift. Operating honestly, prudently and openly are hallmarks of our work. You are hereHome » Your Trust Follow Us The Powerof Scholarship Read Rajee's story » “This program really opened the door. I always knew I wanted to go to college, but I didn’t know how I was going to do it. The Emerald Eagle program is a big help for me.” Rajee Jones, Computer Engineering Senior, Emerald Eagle Scholar Your Trust Learn more about the history of the UNT Foundation and its partnership with UNT. Donor Information To maintain the confidence of our donors, we only share private gift information to the extent allowed by the individual donor. On an annual basis, endowment reports are provided to our endowment donors. Additionally, at a donor’s request, we will share current and past financial records on your personal gifts. Financial Reports The UNT Foundation manages donations to UNT and is responsible for facilitating gift transactions, property acquisition and development, and certain investments. The UNT Foundation acts as steward for private donations, ensuring compliance with donor intent and federal and state laws that require private funds to be maintained separately from public funds. As a public charity under Section 501(c) 3 of the IRS code, the UNT Foundation is required by the IRS to file a Form 990, outlining the UNT Foundation’s annual financial information. While filing an accurate and timely Form 990 is the law, public trust and confidence are of utmost importance to our organization. The Form 990 serves not only our best interest in the disclosure and transparency of our operations, but it also helps you ensure your donations are being used to support the good works of the university. An annual audit of the UNT’s Foundation’s financial statements also is conducted. You can review these documents here. Management of Gifts Every gift, regardless of size, is managed with the same care and appreciation. When gifts are received, the UNT Foundation: Accurately records, provides receipts (for tax purposes) for and acknowledges each gift. Distributes outright gifts to programs according to the donor's direction. Invests endowed gifts to realize long-term growth and to provide an enduring source of support for the program designated by the donor. Gift Policies The University of North Texas follows a number of policies regarding the honorary naming that accompanies certain gifts. Read more about gift policies. Contact Information Contact Information University of North Texas Division of Advancement 1155 Union Circle #311250 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Phone: (940) 565-2900 Toll Free: (800) 868-1153 TTY: (940) 369-8652 Email Us Email Us For questions about content in this web site, contact advancement@unt.edu. UNT System UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System   