  library   help faq Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  library   help faq Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  library   help faq Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  library   help faq Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  library   help faq Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  library   help faq Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  library   help faq Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  library   help faq Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  library   help faq Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  library   help faq Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  Frequently Asked Questions | University of North Texas Libraries Skip to main content Services for Persons with Disabilities Information for... Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors Persons with Disabilities UNT Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Other Library Sites UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History Finding Aids Exhibits Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website University Libraries UNT Libraries Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website MENU Home Research Services About Help News & Events Find Ask Us Accounts Login Start Your Research Search it All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections UNT Special Collections Subject & Course Guides This Website Not Sure Where to Start? Enter your search terms and we'll grab results from multiple systems for you at once. Search Search Many Sources for Articles: Search Peer-Reviewed Only Full-text Available Online. Advanced Search Other Ways to Find Articles: Journal Title | In a Database | e-Journals | Google Scholar Search the Catalog Search Keyword Title Journal Title Author Subject LC Call No. Dewey Call No. Other Call No. All Collections Media Library Music Library Discovery Park Library Electronic Resources Government Documents Special Collections The Factory (Makerspace) UNT Dallas Law Library More Catalog Options: Advanced Search | Music | Media | E-Books Search for a Database Search or... Go Directly to: or... Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z or... Browse Subjects: Browse by Subject Accounting Agriculture and Veterinary Science American Indian and International Indigenous Studies Anthropology Archeology Architecture Art and Artists Art History Art Iconography and Symbolism Astronomy Autism Behavior Analysis Biography Biology Business Chemical Engineering Chemistry Communication Studies Company and Industry Research Computer Science and Engineering Construction Engineering Technology Creative Writing Criminal Justice Current Events Dance Data and Statistics Dictionaries, Directories and Encyclopedias Economics Education Educational Counseling Electrical Engineering Emergency Administration and Planning Engineering Engineering Technology English Language and Literature Environmental Sciences Ethnic studies Fashion Design Finance Forensic Science Genealogy General and Interdisciplinary Geography (Human) Geography (Physical) Geology Gerontology Government Grants History Hospitality and Tourism Management Human Resources Management Humanities Information Technology and Decision Sciences International Studies Interior Design Jewish Studies Journalism Kinesiology Latin American Studies Law and Legislation Learning Technologies LGBT Library and Information Sciences Linguistics Marketing and Advertising Materials Science and Engineering Mathematics and Statistical Methods Mechanical and Energy Engineering Medicine and Health Merchandising and Digital Retailing Military Studies Music Newspapers Philosophy Photography Physics Political science Psychology Public Administration Radio, Television and Film Recreation and Leisure Studies Reference Rehabilitation Studies Religion Sciences Social Sciences Social Work Sociology Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology Studio Art Technical Writing Theater Transportation and Aviation Logistics Women Studies/Gender World Languages, Literatures, & Cultures Browse Frequently Used: Academic Search Complete | EBSCOhost | JSTOR | Lexis Nexis Academic | ScienceDirect | Web of Knowledge Search for an e-Journal Search Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Numbers & Dates | Non-Roman Characters Browse Subjects: Art, Architecture & Applied Arts Business & Economics Earth & Environmental Sciences Engineering & Applied Sciences General Health & Biological Sciences History & Archaeology Journalism & Communications Languages & Literatures Law, Politics & Government Music, Dance, Drama & Film Philosophy & Religion Physical Sciences & Mathematics Social Sciences Browse Other Ways to Find Articles: Databases | Find Online Articles | Google Scholar Search the UNT Digital Collections Search Jump To: UNT Digital Library | The Portal to Texas History | UNT Scholarly Works Search the UNT Special Collections Search Jump To: Browse Finding Aids | Exhibits | Special Collections Search Subject & Course Guides Search Browse Subjects Browse Courses Search this Website Find information about the libraries, its services, policies, past news, events, exhibits, etc. SearchSearch Most Requested About Borrowing Citations & Styles Course Reserves Dept. Directory Faculty Services FAQs Interlibrary Loan Jobs Locations & Hours Media & Music Online Holds RefWorks | Legacy Renewing Study Rooms Subjects & Courses 24 Commons Account Login, ILL, & Renewals Borrowing & Returning Doing Research Getting Help Locations & Hours Paying Fines People & Departments Media & Music Search Course Reserves Services & Policies Reserve a Study Room (Students) Ask Us Your Questions 940.565.3245 Toggle Dropdown 940.565.3245 : Reference Help 940.565.2413 : Willis 940.369.7200 : Discovery Park 940.565.2194 : Eagle Commons 940.565.2480 : Media 940.565.2606 : Collection Management 940.565.3025 : Administrative Offices Dept. Directory Email Subject Librarians Problems Computers & Technology Facilities Website Other Find a Subject Librarian Study & Create Computers Printing Spaces Home Help Frequently Asked Questions Frequently Asked Questions FAQ Categories Accounts & ID Cards Alumni, Visitors, Guests, Family Borrowing from Other Libraries Borrowing from the UNT Libraries Building Use Citations and Style Guides Computing, Laptops, Wireless Contact Information Copyright Data Management Databases & More Faculty Fines and Overdue Materials Government Documents Hours, Locations, Directions Locating Library Materials Off Campus & Material Delivery Other Photocopy & Printing Recommendations for Purchase Renewing Items Research Reserves Returning Items UNT Scholarly Works Search FAQs Am I required to deposit my data in a public database? Currently, the University of North Texas does not specifically mandate the depositing of data in public databases, but it has adopted an Open Access Policy that recognizes the University’s responsibility to the larger society and encourages faculty to make their work publicly available. Some federally-funded grant agencies do require "public access" to both published results and research data.  See the specific funding agency requirements for more information.  Are animals allowed in the Libraries? Only service animals are permitted in any of the Libraries facilities. See: Library Use Policy Are children permitted in the Libraries? Yes. Are government documents copyrighted? Works of the U.S. federal government are generally not protected by copyright in the United States and are automatically in the public domain (17USC§ 105); however, there are numerous exceptions and refinements to this rule. For a detailed explanation of how copyright law is applied to government publications, see Frequently Asked Questions About Copyright: 3.0 U.S.Government Works and 4.0 Works Created Under a Federal Contractor Grant on the CENDI Web site. Also, be sure you know the difference between copyright infringement and plagiarism. State and local governments may, and often do, claim copyright in their publications. It is their prerogative to set policies that may allow, require, restrict, or prohibit claim of copyright on some or all works produced by their government units. (See CENDI FAQ 3.1.3) Are patrons allowed to use the 24 Center Computers without an ID? No. University policy states that patrons must present a valid UNT ID (UNT EUID/Password) to use the general access computer lab workstations in the 24hr Student Computing Center. Are smoking and tobacco products permitted in the Libraries? Smoking and tobacco products are not permitted in the Libraries. University policy prohibits smoking in all campus buildings and within 20 feet of any entrance to a campus building. See: Library Use Policy Are textbooks available for check out? There are some textbooks available for check out at the appropriate Library Services Desk. To determine if your textbook is on reserve go to the course reserve page.  Are the Libraries open to the public? Any individual may use materials within the guidelines established by the libraries within the appropriate buildings/areas. Materials are checked out only to persons with proper ID. For more information read the Library Use policy. Are there any locked carrels available? There are a limited number of locked carrels available on the lower level of Willis Library. Only doctoral students are eligible to reserve these. Fill out the application form online for one of these carrels.  Are there designated group study areas in the Libraries? There are a number of areas available to you for group study in most location.  Please see the study space overview for information about what is available in our different locations. Are there designated quiet areas of the Libraries? Each of the Libraries facilities has noise level designations. Please see the Study Spaces Overview. Are there other computer labs? Yes. There are 13 computer labs in the UNT GACL System, including one at Discovery Park, and 12 across the Denton Campus. For more information on the various labs check out the GACL website. Can alumni access the electronic resources and databases after graduation? Alumni have access to the electronic resources for two long semesters after their last enrolled semester. Can Archives and Rare Books' employees do research for me? Because we have a small staff in the Archives, we cannot conduct research for others that may be significantly time consuming. We are happy to look for the answer to simple questions about the history of UNT or basic information about the collections in the Archives. Simple Question Example:  "What year was UNT founded?" Complex Question Example: "Could you look through the district Court Civil Case Papers, 1849-1900,for Cooke County,and find the one in which my relative was involved?" Can authors submit work that was completed while they were at another institution? Yes. We are happy to include work created by current UNT authors, even if it was completed before they came to UNT. This assists authors by providing one, centralized digital repository where all of the research and scholarship over their career can be archived and preserved.   Can cell phones be used in the Libraries? Cell phones should be turned off or set to a non-audible signal while you are in the Libraries. Cell phones should be used only in designated areas and you should be considerate of others and keep your conversations short and your voice lowered. See: Library Use Policy Can distance learning materials be delivered to the Dallas Campus? Yes. The libraries' courier goes to the Dallas Campus twice a week and will deliver and pick up materials. Can I borrow books at the UNT Health Science Center? Yes, but you will need to get a TexShare card from the UNT Libraries before you go to their library.  To request a TexShare card, please contact Access Services. Can I check out microforms? Most microform items are non-circulating, but you may check with the first floor Library Services Desk in Willis Library for assistance. Can I do my practicum/internship in the Archives and Rare Books department? The Archives and Rare Books department employs students in paid and unpaid positions. Open student positions are listed on the UNT student job website, linked here. If you are interested in doing your internship or practicum in Archives and Rare Books contact please contact us directly. Can I give my ID to someone else to check out books for me? No, an ID may be used only by the person whose name appears on it. Faculty can authorize individuals to pick up materials for them, however Consider using our Online Holds Service & Faculty Delivery Service Can I have a book delivered from one UNT Library to another? It depends on where the item is located and which library you would like it to be delivered to. Please see the UNT Libraries Online Holds Service for more details. See Also: Distance Learning Requests Faculty Delivery Service Media Booking & Courier Service Can I have articles from Remote Storage e-mailed to me? Yes, you may submit your request through your ILLiad account.  Can I leave my bicycle inside the Libraries? Bicycles may not be left in any of the Libraries facilities. Use available bicycle racks in front of the buildings. See: Library Use Policy. Can I negotiate my author rights with a publisher? Yes. An Author Addendum is a legal instrument that can be added to a publishing agreement in order to allow an author to retain certain rights to their work. The Scholarly Publishing and Academic Resources Coalition (SPARC) website provides information for authors on securing their rights and provides an Addendum to Publication Agreement that authors can download and include as a supplement to their publishing contract. For questions or more information, e-mail us.   Can I pay my library fine over the telephone? Yes, up until fifteen minutes before the Willis Library Services Desk closes. The contact phone number is (940) 565-2414. Can I print from microforms? Yes, There are microform readers and a scanner located on the Lower Level of Willis Library and the main floor of Eagle Commons Library. Patrons can scan, save, and print pages from microfilm, microfiche, and microcard. The Microforms collection and equipment are available when the Libraries are open. Staff assistance is available Monday – Friday, 8am – 5pm.  Can I print in color at the 24 Center? The 24 Common does offer color printing. Currently enrolled UNT students are subject to the Student Computer Labs fees for color. To check if other lab offer color printing and the current print rate for color printing in SCL’s across campus click the individual lab links on the SCL website. Can I renew reserve items? Reserve items are not eligible for renewal, however, they may be checked out again after waiting an hour.  This is to ensure all patrons in the class have access to the items.  Can I request an item be brought from remote storage even though I am not eligible to checkout materials? Yes, the item will be brought to the Library Services Desk and you may view it in the library. You may request it at the Library Services Desk, over the phone, or via email. See: Check Out Materials Courtesy Cards Can I request items be delivered to the Dallas Campus? Yes, you may submit your request through our Online Holds Service. Also, if you are a Distance Learning student you may choose to have items delivered to the UNT Dallas Campus Library. Requests should be entered through your ILLiad account. In your ILLiad user information, select Dallas Campus as your "Delivery Location". Can I reserve a room or other library space for a special purpose/use? It depends on which space you need. Linked below are the appropriate web pages, forms, and e-mail contacts for our various spaces. The Forum in Willis Library One of the Instruction Rooms in the Eagle Commons CLC Media Library 111C Screening Room A Graduate Reserve Carrel Requests for all other room reservations unrelated to library instruction must be submitted through the Library Facilities and Systems office. Please provide information about the space you need and the use. See the individual floor maps linked here for room numbers, etc. Can I return books to the Dallas Campus Library? Yes. While it is preferable that books be returned to the library where they were checked out, it is possible to return them to the Dallas Campus Library. Can I return Media Library materials after hours? Yes, please refer to the Media Library's Returning Items to the Libraries page for information about drop box locations and guidelines. Can I see my library account online? To access your library account online, go to Accounts Login and fill in your EUID and Password under UNT Library Catalog Login. Once you login you will be able to request renewal of your items, check the status of holds, view fine totals, and manage preferred searches. Can I use my digital camera in the reading room while I am doing research? Sure! You may use a digital camera to create images for personal research use. If you want to use images beyond personal use you will need to fill out the Permission for Use form. Can My Book Be Repaired? The Preservation staff performs preservation work on our collection materials, but we do not generally repair items from the general public. If you would like to contact us, we will be happy to offer you some suggestions or refer you to a list of professional conservators in the area. Can someone else pay my fine? Yes, anyone may pay your fine. Can TWU Faculty check out items from the Library? TWU Faculty may check out most Library materials after setting up an account at the Library Services Desk on the 1st floor of Willis Library. See the individual circulation policies for information on specific material types, loan periods, and check out limits. See: ID Cards See: Faculty Borrowing Privileges Can you bind my thesis, dissertation, or class project? The Preservation Department can bind materials that do not belong to UNT, visit the Binding and Repair page for prices and services of repairing personal items. However, we do limit the number of outside materials we will work on each month. Please visit the Preservation Department website for more information about prices and scheduling an appointment. Can you deliver materials to me? Please check the following pages for requesting materials to be delivered. Distance Learning Services Online Holds Service Faculty Delivery Service Media Booking & Courier Service If you have any additional questions, please contact Access Services Department. Can you evaluate, repair, or treat an old book or document that I own? Yes. The Preservation Unit now offers treatment services to the community for a fee. Please contact Jessica Phillips for more information or to set up an appointment. Can you scan something for me? Yes, we can! See the Request for Reproduction form, available here, for more information. Can you tell me how much something is worth? Sorry, but we are unable to offer monetary appraisals. To arrange an item appraisal you need to contact a professional appraiser. Do I have to pay to print? If you are a student, you can do a limited amount of printing at the Willis 24 Center or one of the Computer Labs in close proximity to a library location. If you are not a student, the libraries have both pay-for-print solutions, and scanners available in select locations. See: Photocopies, Scanning, Printing Do I have to sign for distance learning materials? Yes, the materials are sent Express Mail and you will need to sign for them. Do the UNT Libraries sell reproductions of Government-related posters? The UNT Libraries cannot print copies of posters or prints in our collection. The National Archives and Records Administration sells posters and facsimiles painstakingly reproduced from holdings in the National Archives. Do we have the ASME Journals? How do I access them? ASME (American Society of Mechanical Engineers) products are available to anyone, including the general public, by using a computer on the UNT campus. Currently-enrolled UNT students, faculty and staff can access ASME products off campus with a UNT EUID and password. (See Tips and Tricks for Using UNT Library Electronic Resources) To access ASME products from the Libraries home page: Select Databases from the left hand navigation bar. Select A for ASME, then scroll down and select the ASME Journals, or type ASME into the search box. The ASME Digital Library has direct access to ASME Transaction Journals.  If for some reason you are not able to access a specific journal within the database or need additional help locating journal articles, please contact Beth Thomsett-Scott directly at 940-369-7200 or by email. The Discovery Park Library also has the ASME Journals in print. To locate a specific journal, do a journal title search in the UNT Library Catalog.   Do you have floor maps for the various library locations? Yes, please see the floor maps listed here or ask for a floor map at a library service desk. Do you have unique, special, or digital collections to aid researchers? Sure. See: Digital Collections Special Collections Does a work have to be published or registered to receive copyright protection? No, a work does not have to be published or registered with the United States Copyright Office to receive copyright protection. A work simply has to be “fixed in a tangible medium of expression” to be copyrighted. It also only must convey a modicum of creativity to be copyrighted. Thus, even notes one takes down on a napkin in a coffee shop are instantly given copyright protection. Does data management and access include supporting documentation and metadata, such as validation protocols, field notebooks, etc.? All researchers are expected to be able to explain and defend their results. Doing so usually entails maintaining complete records of how data were collected. The manner in which one maintains such records and makes them available to others will vary from project to project, and may depend upon funder requirements. Good data management should include supporting documentation and metadata, as well as attention to file naming and data formats, security & privacy protocols, access control, and backup & preservation measures. For more information, see our Data Management libguide.  Does data management and sharing mean that I must make my data available immediately, even before publication? Not necessarily. The expectation is that all data will be made available after a reasonable length of time ( sometimes called an "embargo period"). However, what constitutes a reasonable length of time will be determined by the community of interest or the needs of the project, and may depend up on funder requirements. When you deposit your data into a data repository, you can review your options for setting access controls and embargo periods.   Does the library have laptops available for checkout? Yes. Please see: Laptops for Checkout, and this policy page about Borrowing Reserves & Laptops. Does UNT offer information on data management? Yes. The UNT Libraries offers information about research data management as a service for the UNT community. You can also take a look at the UNT Libraries Data Management libguide for more information and training opportunities.  How can I dispute a fine? Please fill out our UNT Libraries Fine Dispute Form. If you have any questions about the form, please contact our Library Services Desk at (940) 565-2414 or visit in person on the 1st floor of Willis Library. How can I find out about the Media Library film screenings? The Media Library sponsors several free film series. To find out about upcoming screenings and events, check our website or our Facebook. For a complete list of our screenings and events, check our Media Library News & Events page. How can I get a thesis/dissertation from another university? By searching the Proquest Dissertations and Theses Database (PQDT) in the UNT Libraries Databases you will have access to full-text of over one million theses and dissertations. If PQDT does not have the item you need, please enter an Interlibrary Loan request. How can I get access to materials from other libraries? You have several options: Students, Faculty & Staff: Request the item through Interlibrary loan. Students, Faculty & Staff: Apply for a TexShare card and take this card to another institution that participates in the program. Faculty: Apply for an OCLC Reciprocal Borrowing Cards and take this card to another institution that participates in the program. How can I get help researching government documents and legal materials? Government Documents Department staff members provide assistance when you have questions, need directions, or want advice about finding government, business, geographic, statistical, or legal information. See Government Documents Reference Services to find out what services we provide and how to obtain services. How can I locate a reserve item I need for my class? You can search the course reserves by course number, instructor, or title. How can I obtain a copy of a U.S. military field manual or technical manual? Historical Manuals The UNT Libraries Government Documents Department owns hundreds of technical and field manuals published by the War Department and the Navy Department between 1939 and 1947. There are also numerous technical manuals (TMs) and field manuals (FMs) published from 1947 to present. There are several ways to obtain copies of technical manuals. The best way to determine if UNT owns the technical manual you are looking for is to search the Library Catalog. You may be able to obtain a copy through Interlibrary Loan. If you know which manuals you are looking for, submit the request at your local library’s Interlibrary Loan office, and they will try to borrow the manual from a library that owns it. If you wish to purchase a manual, Military/Info Publishing sells photocopies of technical manuals. Their site is organized by subject and by manual number. Recent Manuals More recent military manuals can be purchased through the U.S. Army Publishing Directorate. GlobalSecurity.org has posted PDF copies of a number of military manuals and guides. Select the department, then select from a list of titles and categories. Please contact us if you need further assistance. How can I obtain a grant, loan, or other assistance from the government? Many people look to the government to find out how to apply for a grant or to get "free money," which they have seen advertised on television or in various publications. Grants usually go to state and local governments or nonprofit organizations, which then use the money to operate assistance programs locally. It may be difficult for an individual to qualify for a federal grant. USA.gov, the official Web portal of the United States federal government, has a page explaining government Grants and Loans for individuals, as well as information about legitimate Grant and Loan Opportunities and Contact Information for grant- or benefit-sponsoring agencies. Our Financial Assistance page provides information on how to learn about and apply for financial assistance from federal, state, and local governmental and private sources. How can I research the background of a poster or print? Our short bibliography of Guides to World War I & II Posters lists books that provide background on World War I and World War II posters. Some of these books are available at UNT, and some may be available at other libraries or through Interlibrary Loan. More books about posters can be identified by doing a subject search in the Library Catalog with the "Collection" field set as "Government Documents". How can I use one of the StarBoards (interactive whiteboards) at the Eagle Commons or Discovery Park Libraries? Visit the library service desk to check out the appropriate equipment with your UNT ID card. Please ask library staff for help getting started and feel free to take a brochure with you detailing how to work with a StarBoard. See: Interactive Whiteboards. How do Faculty reserve media materials for class? Faculty, instructors, adjunct and teaching fellows can place media materials on the reserve shelf for their students to come and watch at the Media Library in Chilton Hall. These items cannot leave the library to ensure that they are available for the students of the specified course. To place media items on reserve, please look into the Placing Items on Reserves page for specific directions. To schedule media materials for in class usage on certain dates please refer to the instructions on Media Booking & Courier Service page. How do I access an e-Book? E-Books are accessed through the UNT Library Catalog or through Electronic Resources. When you find the item, click on the title and follow the instructions. For more information on E-Books at UNT Libraries, consult  the E-Book Collections Guide How do I access electronic course reserves? Search the course reserves by course number, instructor, or title. When you find the item you want, click on the title. You will be asked for your EUID, password and the course password. The course password will be given to you by the instructor. How do I access media materials if I am a distance education student? Please contact MediaLibrary@unt.edu. How do I add materials to reserves? Please see: Placing Items on Reserves. How do I borrow items from the Libraries? By presenting your valid UNT ID card. For details on checking out library materials please see check out materials.  How do I change my password? Which password are you thinking of? UNT Password: Go to http://ams.unt.edu and reset your password. It normally takes 5-15 minutes for the new password to take effect. You can log in as a guest at the Libraries' computers to reset your password. Your Catalog Password: Well, for UNT students, faculty, and staff, this is the same as above.  Visitors will need to contact the Library Services Desk Interlibrary Loan/Illiad: Go here. How do I cite a government document or legal publication in my research paper? Our Citation and Style Guides Web page provides general guidelines for citing various types of publication, including government documents and legal publications. Citation Guides and Style Manuals for Government Publications provides guidelines and examples for citing government documents in specific styles; provides guidelines for citing documents from specific government agencies; and provides guidelines on how to prepare certain types of documents for publication.  DocsCite, a service provided by the Arizona State University Libraries, automatically constructs a citation for you in MLA or APA format, based on information you enter. Several style manuals are available at the Eagle Commons Library Service Desk. If you are writing for a class or for publication, your instructor or publisher is always the final authority to consult for determining which style to use as well as for determining the proper format for a specific citation. In order to avoid last-minute deadline crises, we recommend that you always make a photocopy of the title page, and/or write down the call number of any government publication you use for research projects. Without this information, it is extremely difficult to relocate a document you may need for writing your bibliography. How do I cite media for my research papers? Please see Citing Media for citation guidelines. How do I find a book? Use the Library Catalog Search for your item by keyword, title, author, or use the advanced search features to limit your query to special material types, or areas within the libraries. Once you've found a potential item note: (a) the location, (b) the call number, and (c) the item's availability. View our extensive help pages in the catalog to learn how to use that system effectively. You may also contact Ask Us or your Subject Librarian for help How do I find a government publication in the UNT Libraries? When using the Library Catalog: Open the Library Catalog search page. Enter in keywords, title, author, or subject*. Under the "Collection" field select Government Documents.  *If title is unknown, you can also browse or search electronically scanned documents and archived government websites through the Digital Collections.  How do I find information about the law (court cases, bills, statutes and codes, regulations, or law reviews)? Detailed information about finding and using legal resources is available in our Law Subject Guide. LexisNexis Academic provides online access to legal materials for members of the UNT community. ProQuest Congressional provides online access to congressional, legislative, and regulatory materials for members of the UNT community. LexisNexis State Capital provides online access to information about state law, legislation, and legislators for members of the UNT community. The following resources provide access to information about Texas law: Texas Legislature Online and Legislative Reference Library of Texas (legislation and statutes) Texas Administrative Code (rules and regulations) Texas Judicial Branch (courts, cases, and opinions) For further assistance with legal research, please visit the Eagle Commons Library Service Desk in Sycamore Hall, or contact the Government Documents Department by E-mail, postal mail, or telephone. The Government Documents staff are not attorneys or paralegals and are neither authorized nor qualified to practice law. We can help you identify and locate print and online sources and can assist you in using these sources, but we cannot conduct research for you, give you legal advice, or interpret laws or cases for you. How do I find U.S. Census information or other statistics? Information about the U.S. Census, including where to find data published by the Census, is available on our Census Subject Guide. Information about where to find statistical data published by federal, state, local, international, and foreign government agencies, as well as data available from commercial sources, is available on our Statistical Resources web page. How do I get to the Eagle Commons Library? We are located in Sycamore Hall north of the UNT clock tower and facing the Biology Building/Life Sciences Complex. How do I mail distance learning materials back to the libraries? Labels and pre-paid mailers are supplied to return book to the Libraries at no cost.  How do I make a purchase suggestion for media materials? Please use the Purchase Request Form. How do I make an Interlibrary Loan request? Please see this page on Interlibrary Loan Borrowing for complete details of the process. How do I obtain copies of out-of-print government publications? Detailed information on locating out-of-print government documents is available on the "How to Obtain United States Government Publications" page.  How do I order materials to add to the collection? Any faculty member can submit an order for materials to be purchased out of the department’s library allocation. The requested titles are purchased if the funds are available.  Filling out the New Purchase Request / Recommendation Form will submit your request directly to the library You may contact your library liaison with purchase requests as well.  In addition, any faculty member can submit a freely-accessible online resource for inclusion in the catalog or other finding aids. Filling out the New Free Online Resource Recommendation Form will submit your request directly to the library You may contact your library liaison with these types of recommendations as well.   How do I pay a library fine? Fines can be paid in person at the Library Services Desk located on the 1st floor of Willis Library, by mail, or by phone at 940-565-2414. For more details, please visit the Paying Fines page. How do I record my presentation in the study rooms at the Eagle Commons Library? After checking out the appropriate equipment from the library service desk, you will need to use the projector and NCast software to start a presentation and recording session. Please ask for assistance at our service desk to be led through the process. How do I renew a book? See: Renew Your Materials How do I renew my ILL book? You may request a renewal of your Interlibrary Loan book through your ILLiad account or by contacting Interlibrary Loan. Renewals are granted at the discretion of the lending library. Renewals may not be requested for overdue materials. How do I renew my library card? UNT IDs are automatically renewed as long as a student is enrolled or faculty/staff are currently employed. Courtesy Card holders and unenrolled UNT students will need to come to the Library Services Desk on the 1st floor of Willis Library to inquire about renewing library privileges. How do I reserve a study room in the Eagle Commons Library? Students should use the Room Reservations Scheduling Tool, while faculty and staff must either use this request form or reserve over the phone with Facilities and Systems. How do I schedule an instruction session for my class? See: Library Instruction. Quick Access: Instruction Session Scheduling Form   How do I use the computers in the Libraries? The guest login is the default when you click the "I have read and understand these statement" button. Using software such as Microsoft Office on the computers in the libraries requires that you log in as a student/staff/faculty with your EUID and password. The computer screen will direct you to the log in screen if you are entering a software program with EUID access required. See also the Academic Computing and User Services web page. How does co-authorship affect copyright? Co-authors share an undivided ownership in copyright. Each co-author may utilize or license for use the entire work, but he or she must account to his or her co-author for any acquired profits. Each co-author is prohibited from granting an exclusive right to utilize a work without all co-authors' consent. How does data management relate to the issue of open access publishing? Data management planning is primarily about organizing, curating, and preserving research data throughout the course of its useful lifespan (or the "Data Life Cycle"). Open access publishing (making published articles or data freely available) is a separate issue that is not usually required for the data management plan itself. While some federally-funded grants do have a "public access" requirement for research results or data, it is important to carefully review those funder guidelines to determine what types of publications or repositories will meet that requirement. How does the UNT Scholarly Works submission process work? You submit your items to the repository, most commonly via email, and include as much or as little additional information as you would like. We normalize the file formats for archiving, write a descriptive metadata record for each item, and email you once your items have been uploaded to UNT Scholarly Works. For complete submission information, see the Submissions page. How is distance learning material sent to me? Books are mailed Express Mail through the U.S. Postal Service. Articles or book chapters may be e-mailed. Books may also be delivered to the UNT Dallas Campus Library or UNT Law Library. See: Distance Learning Requests.​ How is the UNT Scholarly Works repository related to Open Access? On March 9, 2011, the UNT Faculty Senate voted to adopt an Open Access Policy which relates specifically to peer-reviewed journal articles. In addition to housing the peer-reviewed journal articles covered under the UNT Open Access Policy, UNT Scholarly Works offers an outlet for scholars to archive and provide access to all of their research and scholarship, including working papers, presentations, academic posters, artwork - the scholarly output of your discipline. Items in UNT Scholarly Works may be made Open Access (available for public use), or restricted to the UNT Community. Optional levels of licensing are also available for all items. For more information on Open Access and the UNT Open Access Policy, visit the Open Access @ UNT website. How is using the UNT Scholarly Works repository different from posting research on my personal website? UNT Scholarly Works provides a central, digital archive for all of the research and scholarship of our UNT Community. The repository provides the additional benefits of full-text searching, a permanent and stable URL, viewable usage statistics, visibility on all major search engines, wider dissemination and increased citations. Putting items in the Scholarly Works repository collection also gives you flexibility to make copyrighted or embargoed items searchable and discoverable by the UNT community or other researchers while maintaining access restrictions.   How long can I check a book out? Circulation periods are different depending on the user and on the item being borrowed. You may find specific information about loan period for Books and other Regular Circulating Items here. See other loan periods in the circulation policies. How long can I check out an Interlibrary Loan book? Checkout periods are determined by the lending library but are usually two weeks. Interlibrary Loan books must be returned by the due date or you may be blocked from Library services. How long can I keep a reserve item checked out? The instructor determines the checkout period for reserve items. The choices given to the instructors are 2 hours, 2 hours building use only, 24 hour, 3 day, and 7 day. Two hour reserve items checked out near closing time will be due before the service desk they were checked out at closes. How long can I keep DVDs or videos from the Media Library? Refer to the Borrowing Media chart for checkout periods and fines. How long does copyright protection last? Works eligible for copyright protection are currently given such protection for the life of the creator plus seventy years. Works that are deemed to be "works made for hire" are given copyright protection for either 95 years from the date of publication, or 120 years from creation of such work, whichever is lesser. Works created prior to 1923 are considered to be in the Public Domain and they do not have any copyright protection. Works created between 1923 and 1978 may have copyright protection. For a detailed list of the copyright protection durations for works created between 1923 and 1978 Please see: Copyright Term and the Public Domain Chart in the United States, produced by Peter Hirtle at the Cornell Copyright Information Center, CC BY 3.0. How long does it take for items to be delivered through the Online Holds Service? Your requested items, if they are located, should be available within 48 hours (except on weekends and holidays) and will be delivered to the location requested. How long does it take for materials to reach me when I enter a distance learning request? Books and articles are generally sent within two business days. See: Distance Learning Requests How long should data be archived and made accessible? That depends upon a number of factors: how long the data remains valid, how frequently new data is collected, how it is used, who all might want to make use of it, and what its historical value might be to future researchers. Each discipline or community of interest may set standards for how long research data should remain accessible. When depositing your data into a data repository, you can discuss with its administrators how long you'd like that data to remain accessible.  How long will retrieved items be held for pickup as part of the Online Holds Service? Retrieved items are held for five days. How many distance learning requests am I able to make at a time? There is no limit, however, in order to process requests in a timely manner, we ask that patrons submit a few requests at a time.  How many music books/scores can I check out? The Music Library adheres to the library-wide Borrowing Books and Other Regular Circulating Items Policy, but the simple answer is that there is no limit. How many times can I renew a book/score? It depends on the type of material, the status of your library account, and if there is a hold or recall on the item (Borrowing Books and Other Regular Circulating Items). See: Renew Your Materials. How much does printing cost in the 24 Center? The fees you pay at the beginning of each semester establish a printing allotment for use in the Student Computer Labs (SCLs) which includes the 24 Commons. Additional funds can be added to your account by going to printing.unt.edu See: 24 Center: Policies & Procedures See: Photocopies, Scanning, Printing How much does the distance learning service cost? There is no charge for the service. Labels and pre-paid mailers are supplied to return books to the Libraries at no cost to the patron. How much is my vintage poster or print worth? The staff of the UNT Libraries are neither qualified nor permitted to provide appraisals of works of art. Our Posters and Prints page provides information on Researching and Evaluating Prints and Posters. It includes a list of Price Guides and a list of Professional Appraisers, some of whom may be able to give you a general idea of what your print or poster may be worth. How soon must I place an order to be able to use it the following semester? An order must be placed by December 15 to be available for the Spring Semester. All other orders must be in by May 4. How to I find information in a Subscription Database? That's a big question. If you are okay exploring on your own, use the +FIND tab above, to use the Search Tools.  Under "Databases and More" either search for a generic term or subject, or use the tools to select and browse through our large selection of subscription services. If you are specifically looking for journal articles, use the "Online Articles" search.  You'll get tons of results. If you are completely overwhelmed and don't know where to start. Use our Ask Us Service, or maybe explore some of our database tutorials. I can’t come to the library to do my research. Can you look something up for me or conduct research on my behalf? The Archives and Rare Books department offers extensive reference services to facilitate use of our collections. We are happy to help you locate resources, answer questions and provide limited research service. Staff is not available to fill research requests requiring in-depth research or extensive use of materials. I found an image on the Portal to Texas History from your collections that I would like to use in my book/documentary/journal article. Can I do that? Yes! Images are free to use for non-profit projects, other uses require a small licensing fee. All uses require you to complete the Permission for Use form. I have a book with a missing or incorrect call number. Who should I contact? Please notify the Access Services staff to the problem in person or via e-mail.  I have an item or a collection that I would like to donate to the Archive and Rare Books collection. Are you interested? Maybe! We regularly accept donations to our collections. However, we are unable to accept all items. If you wish to discuss a possible donation we are happy to speak with you. I have an old stock certificate. How can I find if it has any value, and what happened to the company that issued it? Here are some Web sites that explain the research necessary to answer your question: The Goldsheet Obsolete Securities Page http://www.goldsheetlinks.com/obsolete.htm Stocks: Researching the Value of Old Certificates http://www.invest-faq.com/articles/stock-res-val-old.html Collectible Stocks and Bonds http://www.oldstocks.com/worth.htm For a list of paper and microfiche sources available at UNT, see Researching Old Stock Certificates in the UNT Libraries  If the company is no longer traded on any exchange, you will need to do some research to determine the value of the shares and/or redeeming the shares. We can't do the research for you, but here are some suggestions: First, be sure you have the following information, all of which should be on the certificate: The name of the company The date the shares were issued The state in which the company was incorporated The most basic question to resolve is whether the company still exists. It might have changed names, been purchased by another company, etc. The first thing you might do is call or write the transfer agent that is listed on the front of the certificate. A transfer agent handles transfers of stock certificates and should be able to advise you on their value. If the transfer agent no longer exists or cannot help you, you might try to contact the company directly. The stock certificate should show the state where the company was incorporated. Contact the Secretary of State in that state, and ask for the Business Corporations Section. (There are links to several state agency Web sites in the Goldsheet Obsolete Securities Web site listed above.) They should be able to give you a history of the company (when it began, merged, dissolved, went bankrupt, etc.). From there you can contact the existing company (if there is one) to find out the value. Even if the certificate turns out to be worthless as stock, old certificates can still have considerable value for collectors. The Web sites listed above give sources where you can look up the collector value of an old stock certificate. I spilled water on a book I have checked out. What do I do? Try to absorb all of the moisture by blotting with paper towels. Even if it is a small spill, it is important that the book receive treatment as soon as possible in order to prevent mold growth, page blocking (pages sticking together permanently), and warping. If you can't return the book to the library immediately, stand the book up and fan out the pages so that it can air dry. Bring it to the Willis Library Services Desk as soon as possible; do not put it in the book drop. Do not seal it in a plastic bag, as this can encourage mold growth. You may be charged a fine for damaging the book, but if you bring it to the Library as soon as possible, the Preservation Unit can minimize the damage. I'm a vendor of preservation products or services. Who should I contact? Please contact the Head of the Preservation Department. The Preservation Department staff respectfully requests no unannounced, drop-in visits. I'm not affiliated with UNT. Do I have access to the government publications and related services in your library? Yes, in most cases. As a U.S. Federal Depository Library and a Texas State Publications Depository Library, we provide reference assistance to the UNT community, to the citizens of the 26th Congressional District of Texas, and to the general public in Denton, in Texas, and throughout the world. All government publications are available for use in the library building. A picture I.D. (e.g., a driver license or passport) may be required to photocopy certain reserve materials. Some electronic materials are restricted to UNT students and faculty. Others may need to be installed on our computers before use. We recommend that you call our Service Desk at 940-565-2870 at least 24 hours in advance to find out if the electronic materials you need are available for use. For information about checking out government publications, please see Borrowing Government Documents If I can't find a microform item in the online catalog, does that mean you don't have it? We are currently working on adding several microforms items to the collection. If you unable to locate an item or have questions please contact Access Services Department, Mon-Fri, 8am-5pm. If I need a book that is checked out to someone else, what can I do? You may recall the item in our catalog or request it through Interlibrary Loan. If the Libraries do not have the book I need, how can I get it? If the Libraries do not own the book you need, you may request it through Interlibrary Loan. Is a plan for Data Management required if my project is not expected to generate data or samples? Yes, in many cases funding agencies require a data management plan, even if you don't expect to generate data. It is acceptable to state in the Data Management Plan that the project is not anticipated to generate data or samples that require management and/or sharing, but you should explain why this is the case. Keep in mind that there are a variety of types of data (beyond numerical datasets) that you might want to manage over the lifespan of the project.  Is identification required to enter the library buildings? No, all UNT Libraries are open to the public. However, only individuals with current, approved IDs may check out library materials. See: Library Use Policy Is there a cost to archiving my data in the UNT Data Repository? The UNT Libraries do not charge researchers for archiving their research data.  However, if a research project expects to produce more than 1 TB of data, plans to archive it in the UNT Data Repository, and applies for grant funding from an agency that will fund costs related to data management, we ask that you write into the grant a cost of $100 per TB per year for 5 years.  Is there a limit to how many books I can check out? Generally, there is no limit to the number of regular circulating items that may be checked out. However, Courtesy Card holders are limited to checking out ten items at a time. Also, Library users with a TexShare card issued by a public library are limited to five items at a time. See: Borrowing Books and other Regular Circulating Items Is there a limit to how many requests I can make through the Online Holds Service? There is a limit of twenty five holds at a time. Is there any way to scan microforms into the computer? Yes, there is a digital scanner available for visitors to use at no charge. It will scan all formats including microfilm, microfiche, and microcards. It is available when the Libraries are open. It is recommended that you bring a flash drive to save your scans. Materials may be saved in many formats, including PDF, TIFF, JPEG, etc. Is using this picture or image fair use? Determining whether the use of an image or picture is fair use is complex. Traditionally, courts have held that educational, con-commercial use of materials is fair use, however it is important to consider all four factors of fair use together. Please refer to the fair use section of our copyright guide, which explains the four factors and provides other helpful resources. May I check out government documents? Many government documents at UNT may be checked out at the Eagle Commons Library Service Desk by presenting a current I.D. card that is honored by the UNT Libraries. See the Circulation Policies & Procedures of the UNT Libraries for information about loan periods, checkout limits, renewals, fines, and replacement charges for lost or damaged materials. If you are not a UNT student, you may be eligible to apply for a UNT Libraries Courtesy Card, which may also be used to check out government documents. Some government documents are "non-circulating", which means they must be used in the library building, and may not be checked out. Exceptions to this rule are made in special cases, such as student class presentations or faculty research. Please call our Service Desk at 940-565-2870 for more information about "non-circulating" check-outs. May I check out periodicals, reference materials, or non-circulating material? Please ask at the service desk. May I reproduce the images in the UNT Libraries digital collections? Regarding all government documents digital collections: 1.1 The UNT Libraries cannot grant or deny permission to reproduce these images, as we are not the copyright holders for the original documents. 1.2 Many, but not all, government documents are in the public domain. You may check the original and/or digital versions to check for a copyright symbol and author name(s). 1.3 If you use a digital image from one of our collections, we request that you credit us as a source by including our institution name and the object’s URL. Please do this regardless of whether you publish the image in print or online. For example: [image] University of North Texas Libraries http://digital.library.unt.edu/data/govdocs/atoz/02/meta-dc-1806.tkl See our Copyright Information page or our Digital Libraries page for further information. May I use LexisNexis or ProQuest? How do I access these databases? LexisNexis products are available to anyone, including the general public, using any computer on the UNT campus. Currently enrolled UNT students and UNT faculty and staff can access LexisNexis products off campus with a UNT EUID and password. [See On & Off Campus Access] To access LexisNexis and ProQuest products from the Libraries home page Select the "Databases" tab from the "Start Your Research" menu. Enter "lexisnexis" or "proquest" and click the Search button, or select LexisNexis or ProQuest products from the drop-down menu under "Go Directly to:". Some products that were formerly owned by LexisNexis have been acquired by ProQuest. The following products are available at UNT: LexisNexis Academic has news, law reviews, and federal and state statutes, regulations, administrative decisions, and court cases. ProQuest Congressional (formerly LexisNexis Congressional) has federal legislative and congressional information. ProQuest Government Periodicals Index (formerly LexisNexis Government Periodicals Index) helps find articles in periodicals published by government agencies. ProQuest Statistical Insight (formerly LexisNexis Statistical) has national, state, local, and international statistics. The online catalog says the book or article I want is in Preservation, Bind Prep, At Bindery, or In Processing. Can you get it for me? In most cases, the item can be retrieved immediately or rushed for next-day use. Patrons - Please enquire at the Library Services Desk located on the 1st floor of Willis Library. Library Staff - Please contact the Preservation Unit. What about works for hire? When an item is deemed a "work made for hire," the employer of a creator is considered to be the author and owner of the work. Works are usually designated as "works made for hire" when: an employee prepares a work within the scope of his or her employment. Or, when an independent contractor signs a written agreement with another person and deems a work a "work made for hire." For the University of North Texas's policy on "works made for hire," see UNT 's Intellectual Property Policy (08.003). What are microforms? Microforms are materials that contain microreproductions of documents that are commonly reduced to 1/25th of the original document size. This allows a vast amount of information to be stored in a small space. They come in several formats; microfilm which is film printed on a reel, microfiche which is film printed on flat sheets, and microcard which is printed on paper similar to an index card. What are reserves? Reserves are materials selected by instructors as required or recommended reading for their courses. See: Course Reserves Placing Items on Reserves What are the hours for the Eagle Commons Library? Please refer to the Eagle Commons Library Hours page. What are the hours for the Media Library? Please refer to the Media Library Hours page. What are the hours of the Government Documents Department? Our Hours web page provides detailed information about when the Government Documents Service Desk is open. Contact the Service Desk regarding what services and materials are available during operational hours, and what materials are available during Willis Library hours.  Phone: 940-565-2870 Fax: 940-369-876 E-mail What can I do if I forgot my ILLiad password? If you have forgotten your ILLiad password, please use the "Forgot Password" link on the ILLiad login page to reset your password. You may also contact the Interlibrary Loan Department to obtain a new password. What constitutes "data" covered by a Data Management Plan? "Data" may include traditional numerical datasets in a variety of formats, but may also include text files, images, audio or video files, transcripts, field notes, and a variety of other forms of research documentation. See the "What is Data?" section of our Data Management libguide for more examples. Research data is typically distinguished from published results or articles when choosing an appropriate repository for your materials, but UNT Repository Services can link finished articles or reports to their appropriate data files in their respective repositories.  What databases and online tools are best for research in my subject? Try browsing through our subject guides.  These guides are written by librarians whose focus is on serving the needs of various academic units at UNT. To find a guide you can: Subject Guides: Browse the Subject Guides Site, itself, or Click on the +FIND tab at the top of this page and on the search box, choose the subject guides tab.  Now, either search for an existing Subject Guide or Class Page or use the dropdown menu to filter guides to your area of interest.  If you know the name of the database you wish to search, you may go to the Find Databases and E-Journals Site  Alternative: If you want fast access to a wide variety of sources, use the Online Articles  tab in the +FIND Tab, do a search on your interest area, and use the facets in the results to further limit (or expand) your query to include/exclude various subjects and material types.  If your search is broad enough, the system will suggest specialized databases. You may need to refine your search results further.  What do I do if I damage a library book? Contact the Library Services Desk. Depending on the extent of the damage, you may have to pay a rebind fee or, if the damage is extensive, you may have to pay the replacement cost of the item. See: Damaged Item Charges What do I do if I don't know my EUID or I am having trouble with it? Generally, if you are a UNT faculty, staff or student and are having trouble accessing your account, visit https://ams.unt.edu to manage your EUID. If you are having trouble using your EUID to log into the library catalog to renew books or view course reserve materials, the problem may be your password. Make sure that it does not contain characters such as $, >, or <. For security reasons, the catalog system does not allow these characters. Try changing your password so that it only contains upper-case and lower-case letters, numbers, and underscores. What do I do if I lose my ID? Please contact the Access Services Department. UNT faculty, staff, and students must also contact the UNT ID Systems Office at 940-565-3225 What do I need to check out library materials? Library materials may be checked out at any of the Library Services Desks by presenting a current ID card. For UNT students, faculty and staff, your UNT ID is your library card. See: Check Out Materials What do the Media Library call numbers mean? The Media Library Call Number & Item Location Guide explains which materials receive which call number. What does "my library registration has expired" mean? This message in your library account means that your library registration needs to be updated. Please contact the Access Services Department for assistance.  What does the location "Remote Storage" mean? Remote Storage is an offsite facility storing library materials. This facility is not open to the public, however, materials may be requested from there using the Online Holds Service . If you need journal articles or book chapters, you may request them through our Document Delivery Service. For long runs of journals request access to the Library Annex Reading Room. What happened to the Science and Technology Library? The Science and Technology Library's name was changed to Eagle Commons Library and is located in the same building as always. The building was formerly called the Information Science Building, but is now Sycamore Hall. What if the UNT Libraries do not have an article I need? If the UNT Libraries do not have an article you need, you may request it through Interlibrary Loan.  What is a course password? A course password is needed to access electronic reserves. The instructor of the class determines the password. It is the responsibility of the instructor to give it to members of the class. Libraries' staff are not able to provide the password. What is a government document? According to the Federal Library Depository Act of 1962, a government document is defined as "informational matter which is published as an individual document at government expense, or as required by law" (44 U.S.C. § 1901). In general, most publications issued by international, federal, state, or local government agencies are considered government documents. These publications may be produced in a variety of formats, including printed paper, microfiche, and audiovisual materials. In recent years, government information resources have been expanded to include computerized formats such as CD-ROMs, DVDs, and Internet sites. What is an approval plan? Approval plans are plans in which a commercial vendor supplies to the library immediately after publication those books which meet specific subject parameters. They are a quick, simple, and economical method for acquiring a core of current trade and scholarly materials in selected subject areas. The approval books come ready to be shelved. What is copyright infringement? Copyright infringement is the act of violating any of a copyright owner’s exclusive rights granted by the federal Copyright Act. This happens when a copyrighted work is reproduced, distributed, performed, publicly displayed, or made into a derivative work without the permission of the copyright owner.  What is ILLiad? ILLiad is an Interlibrary Loan program patrons may use to request books, microforms, articles, and other items from institutions other than the UNT Libraries. ILLiad is available to all UNT faculty, students, and staff. To use this service you must register for an account. Find out more: About Illiad What is Interlibrary Loan? Interlibrary Loan, or ILL, is a service, which provides access to the collections of libraries throughout the world for research purposes. If UNT does not own a book or journal article you need, you may request it though Interlibrary Loan. What is the Library Annex Reading Room? Graduate students and faculty members may request that long runs of periodicals or large series of volumes be pulled and placed in the Library Annex Reading Room for examination. Please contact the Willis Library Services Desk at (940) 565-2413 or e-mail Access Services to request use of the Annex Reading Room. What is the Online Holds Service? The Online Holds Service is a service the library provides for the delivery of items housed in our libraries. Information regarding this service is available at the Online Holds Service page. What is the UNT Scholarly Works repository collection? UNT Scholarly Works serves as the UNT Open Access institutional repository. This repository is a special collection housed in the UNT Digital Library. The Scholarly Works repository collection brings together the research and scholarly work of the UNT community. Find out more about UNT Scholarly Works here. What kind of items are you interested in collecting? We accept a variety of research and scholarly work including articles (example article), academic posters (example poster), presentations (example presentation), book reviews (example review), book chapters (example chapter), reports (example report), and artwork (example artwork). UNT Scholarly Works serves to showcase all of the valuable research and scholarly output of our university community. What kind of items do you not accept? Right now, we are not accepting general student work from class assignments and course-related projects. What reference services does the Media Library offer? The Media Library provides reference services during hours when the Media Library is open at the Service Desk or by phone. For more extensive research needs, schedule a reference appointment with a media librarian. See: Media Reference Services What services are provided for distance learners? The Distance Learning page provides information specific to this status and a checklist with eligibility guidelines for this service. You may request items we own, by using your ILLiad account. When you register for an ILLiad account, choose status "Dist Learning".  What type of wireless access is available in the Libraries? Wireless access is provided through the University's CITC department and is generally available in all campus buildings as well as the Library Mall to UNT students, faculty, and staff. See: Technology & Computing Overview See: Study Spaces Overview Where are scanners that students can use? The Libraries have several scanners available.  See: Photocopies, Scanning, Printing Where are the Library Services Desks located? Please see Library Services Desks page. Where are the original paper copies of the posters in the UNT Digital Library? The original World War I and II posters that were digitized by the UNT Libraries are on reserve in the Government Documents Department on the 3rd floor of Willis Library. These items are located in a locked room and are non-circulating, so if you would like to view them, please visit our Service Desk in person or Contact Us to schedule an appointment. Where can I find a certain call number within the Eagle Commons Library? Our regular circulating books are located in the Mezzanine, which is up any flight of stairs, and in the adjoining room on the Main Floor. See: Call Number & Item Location Guide: Eagle Commons Where can I find a map, directions, or an address for the Libraries? Please see our Locations and Hours page and the UNT Map page.   Where can I get information on formatting citations or using a particular style guide? Try this set of tutorials: Citations & Style Guides.  It offers guidance on using a number of different style guides, provides examples and help in citating special materials, using citation management software, and provides links to materials in our collections, and on the web that may be helpful to you. Where can I get tax forms or IRS publications? Tax forms and publications can be obtained online at www.irs.gov or ordered over the telephone by calling 1-800-829-3676. For direct access to U.S. federal tax forms and publications, visit the IRS Forms and Publications page. At this site, you can scroll through a list of current IRS publications, select the document you need, and print it. Many of the most popular tax forms, instructions, and publications are available to the public free of charge at the Denton Public Library and at the downtown post office at 101 E. McKinney St. Our Taxes Subject Guide is a detailed guide to U.S. federal and state tax resources, including printable IRS forms and publications. Need help filing your tax form? Several programs provide free assistance with filling out and filing U.S. income tax forms: United Way's Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) members are available at the Denton Public Library at selected times during the weeks before April 15 to help you fill out your forms and answer tax related questions. The IRS Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) Program offers free tax help to people who earn less than $42,000. The Tax Counseling for the Elderly (TCE) Program offers free tax help to taxpayers who are 60 and older. The military also has a strong Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) Program. The Armed Forces Tax Council (AFTC) consists of the tax program coordinators for the Army, Air Force, Navy, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard. Call 1-800-829-1040 to find the VITA/TCE location and hours nearest your home and to see if you qualify for any of these programs. Please do not ask librarians tax law questions. They are not tax law specialists. Instead, call the IRS at 1-800-829-1040 for tax information. Where can I obtain military records? The National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) is the official repository for records of military personnel who have been discharged from the U.S. Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, Navy, and Coast Guard. NARA has compiled an extensive page on Military and Veterans Records at the National Archives, which gives detailed information on how to acquire military records from the U.S. Government. For more information on researching military records visit the Military Records section of the National Archives website.  Where can I obtain posters online? Many posters from the UNT Government Documents collection have been digitized and made available through the UNT Digital Library World War Poster Collection. See our World War I and II Posters page for a list of other Web sites that provide images of World War posters. See our Posters and Prints page for a list of Web sites that have posters on a variety of topics. Where can I purchase an original or a high-quality reproduction of a vintage poster? The UNT Libraries cannot print copies of posters or prints in our collection. Our Posters and Prints page includes suggestions for where to purchase posters and prints. Where can I study at the Discovery Park Library? Three study areas, located to the left of the reserves and reference book stacks, have big tables available for group work. Solo work is welcome. Each area is equipped with a dry-erase whiteboard, and table and chairs for a group of seven. Additionally, the Learning Center, B135, is designated a quiet area and is reserved for individual study unless the room is scheduled for library instruction. Quiet conversations are appropriate for the main areas of the library including the Internet tables, the casual seating near the main door, and the service desk area. Where do I pick up my ILL book? Interlibrary Loan books may be picked up at the Library Services Desk located on the 1st floor of the Willis Library. You may also arrange to pick up books at the Discovery Park Library Room B112, the UNT Dallas Campus Library and the UNT Law Library. Faculty may request to receive ILL books in their department offices.  Where do I return library items I have checked out? See: Returning Items to the Libraries. (Reserve items should be returned to the service desk they were checked out at.) Where is the copy machine at the Discovery Park Library? There is one copy machine in the Discovery Park Library. It is located by the service desk and requires your euid and password to log in.  Where is the libraries lost and found? In Willis Library, lost and found is located at the 1st floor 24 Center Desk. Where is the location of Research and Instructional Services? Research and Instructional Services has split into two departments, Library Learning Services (LLS) and Library Research Support Services (LRSS). Offices are located on the 1st floor of Willis Library. View the Subject Librarians page for whom you can contact for subject or major specific questions, advanced research help or one-on-one research appointments. You can also consult our Ask Us services during business hours for research help and library questions. Who can submit items to the UNT Scholarly Works collection? UNT faculty and staff are invited to submit their work. UNT students are welcome to submit items that represent professional work including conference materials, published items, or work associated with theses or dissertations. Who can view content in the UNT Scholarly Works repository? UNT Scholarly Works is, by default, openly accessible to a worldwide audience. While we do offer options to restrict access to certain materials, we do not encourage it. The goal of UNT Scholarly Works is to provide access to the research and scholarship of our UNT Community to anyone on the World Wide Web with an internet connection. Who do I contact in the library for question related to my department? See: The Library Liaisons Lists Who is eligible for distance learning services? The following students are eligible for distance learning services: Students currently enrolled in courses taught primarily online and who live outside of Denton County. Students taking courses at the UNT Dallas Campus or UNT Dallas College of Law. See: Distance Learning Requests Will I be fined if I am late turning in a reserve item? Yes. Fines for reserve items are higher than other regular circulating items. See: General Information about Fines Assessment & Overdue Items Will I receive a notice for overdue items? Overdue notices are sent to your UNT email address when items are 10 days and 30 days overdue. Courtesy notices are sent by email 3 days before items are due. See: General Information about Fines Assessment Locations & Hours Select Location Willis Library Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media Library Annex Mail University Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 Partnerships The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library. The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center. Contact 940.565.2411 Research Questions Staff Directory Computer & Technology Problems Facilities Problems Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home 