  library   node 1982 Interlibrary Loan Borrowing and Document Delivery Services  Libraries  library   node 1982 Interlibrary Loan Borrowing and Document Delivery Services  Libraries  library   node 1982 Interlibrary Loan Borrowing and Document Delivery Services  Libraries  library   node 1982 Interlibrary Loan Borrowing and Document Delivery Services  Libraries  library   node 1982 Interlibrary Loan Borrowing and Document Delivery Services  Libraries  library   node 1982 Interlibrary Loan Borrowing and Document Delivery Services  Libraries  library   node 1982 Interlibrary Loan Borrowing and Document Delivery Services  Libraries  library   node 1982 Interlibrary Loan Borrowing and Document Delivery Services  Libraries  library   node 1982 Interlibrary Loan Borrowing and Document Delivery Services  Libraries  library   node 1982 Interlibrary Loan Borrowing and Document Delivery Services  Libraries  Interlibrary Loan Borrowing and Document Delivery Services | University of North Texas Libraries Skip to main content Services for Persons with Disabilities Information for... Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors Persons with Disabilities UNT Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Other Library Sites UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History Finding Aids Exhibits Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website University Libraries UNT Libraries Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website MENU Home Research Services About Help News & Events Find Ask Us Accounts Login Start Your Research Search it All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections UNT Special Collections Subject & Course Guides This Website Not Sure Where to Start? Enter your search terms and we'll grab results from multiple systems for you at once. Search Search Many Sources for Articles: Search Peer-Reviewed Only Full-text Available Online. Advanced Search Other Ways to Find Articles: Journal Title | In a Database | e-Journals | Google Scholar Search the Catalog Search Keyword Title Journal Title Author Subject LC Call No. Dewey Call No. Other Call No. All Collections Media Library Music Library Discovery Park Library Electronic Resources Government Documents Special Collections The Factory (Makerspace) UNT Dallas Law Library More Catalog Options: Advanced Search | Music | Media | E-Books Search for a Database Search or... Go Directly to: or... Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z or... Browse Subjects: Browse by Subject Accounting Agriculture and Veterinary Science American Indian and International Indigenous Studies Anthropology Archeology Architecture Art and Artists Art History Art Iconography and Symbolism Astronomy Autism Behavior Analysis Biography Biology Business Chemical Engineering Chemistry Communication Studies Company and Industry Research Computer Science and Engineering Construction Engineering Technology Creative Writing Criminal Justice Current Events Dance Data and Statistics Dictionaries, Directories and Encyclopedias Economics Education Educational Counseling Electrical Engineering Emergency Administration and Planning Engineering Engineering Technology English Language and Literature Environmental Sciences Ethnic studies Fashion Design Finance Forensic Science Genealogy General and Interdisciplinary Geography (Human) Geography (Physical) Geology Gerontology Government Grants History Hospitality and Tourism Management Human Resources Management Humanities Information Technology and Decision Sciences International Studies Interior Design Jewish Studies Journalism Kinesiology Latin American Studies Law and Legislation Learning Technologies LGBT Library and Information Sciences Linguistics Marketing and Advertising Materials Science and Engineering Mathematics and Statistical Methods Mechanical and Energy Engineering Medicine and Health Merchandising and Digital Retailing Military Studies Music Newspapers Philosophy Photography Physics Political science Psychology Public Administration Radio, Television and Film Recreation and Leisure Studies Reference Rehabilitation Studies Religion Sciences Social Sciences Social Work Sociology Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology Studio Art Technical Writing Theater Transportation and Aviation Logistics Women Studies/Gender World Languages, Literatures, & Cultures Browse Frequently Used: Academic Search Complete | EBSCOhost | JSTOR | Lexis Nexis Academic | ScienceDirect | Web of Knowledge Search for an e-Journal Search Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Numbers & Dates | Non-Roman Characters Browse Subjects: Art, Architecture & Applied Arts Business & Economics Earth & Environmental Sciences Engineering & Applied Sciences General Health & Biological Sciences History & Archaeology Journalism & Communications Languages & Literatures Law, Politics & Government Music, Dance, Drama & Film Philosophy & Religion Physical Sciences & Mathematics Social Sciences Browse Other Ways to Find Articles: Databases | Find Online Articles | Google Scholar Search the UNT Digital Collections Search Jump To: UNT Digital Library | The Portal to Texas History | UNT Scholarly Works Search the UNT Special Collections Search Jump To: Browse Finding Aids | Exhibits | Special Collections Search Subject & Course Guides Search Browse Subjects Browse Courses Search this Website Find information about the libraries, its services, policies, past news, events, exhibits, etc. SearchSearch Most Requested About Borrowing Citations & Styles Course Reserves Dept. Directory Faculty Services FAQs Interlibrary Loan Jobs Locations & Hours Media & Music Online Holds RefWorks | Legacy Renewing Study Rooms Subjects & Courses 24 Commons Account Login, ILL, & Renewals Borrowing & Returning Doing Research Getting Help Locations & Hours Paying Fines People & Departments Media & Music Search Course Reserves Services & Policies Reserve a Study Room (Students) Ask Us Your Questions 940.565.3245 Toggle Dropdown 940.565.3245 : Reference Help 940.565.2413 : Willis 940.369.7200 : Discovery Park 940.565.2194 : Eagle Commons 940.565.2480 : Media 940.565.2606 : Collection Management 940.565.3025 : Administrative Offices Dept. Directory Email Subject Librarians Problems Computers & Technology Facilities Website Other Find a Subject Librarian Study & Create Computers Printing Spaces Home Services Interlibrary Loan Borrowing and Document Delivery Services Interlibrary Loan Borrowing and Document Delivery Services Make a Request Now with Your ILLiad Account Eligibility Interlibrary Loan and document delivery services are available to: UNT faculty and staff. Currently enrolled UNT graduate and undergraduate students. UNT retired faculty. Interlibrary Loan Services are NOT provided for UNT Library Courtesy Card holders or other non-UNT individuals. Document Delivery Services (Items owned by the UNT Libraries) Articles in journals  A chapter from a book  Materials Generally Available for Interlibrary Loan (Items not owned by the UNT Libraries) Generally anything not owned by the UNT Libraries can be ordered. A request can be made if the Libraries' copy is lost, missing or at the Bindery. Theses and Dissertations are often available through the Proquest Dissertations and Theses Database (PQDT) in the Libraries' Databases. If the required item is not available via PQDT, an Interlibrary Loan request may be placed. Copies of dissertations are sometimes purchased from Dissertation Express (formerly University Microfilms International). Journal articles may be requested, however entire journals are seldom sent by other institutions. Newspapers may be borrowed only when available in microform. Materials Difficult to Obtain Rare materials Materials in fragile condition Reference materials Complete issues of periodicals Software Maps Materials Not Available Through Interlibrary Loan Textbooks Sound recordings DVD's and videos - Only faculty may request audiovisual items through Interlibrary Loan.  To request an audiovisual item, use the book request form in your ILLiad account. Submitting ILL Requests The UNT Libraries use the ILLiad ILL management system to process ILL requests. ILLiad allows users to make their requests electronically, track the progress of their requests, apply for renewals, and view a complete history of their requests. Paper requests are no longer accepted. You must submit one (1) request for each item. Citations should be as complete as possible and abbreviations should be avoided. When requesting a book, it is important to supply the author's name as well as the edition or date of publication, if known. If an item is needed by a specific deadline, please indicate the date after which the item cannot be used. If the request cannot be filled by the needed date, it will be canceled. For "rush" or "panic" items, please contact the ILL staff for assistance. Hint: One of the most effective ways to submit requests is via the “UNT Interlibrary Loan” Link that appears on an item record in OCLC’s worldcat.  You must be on campus to see this link. (click image to view larger example)   Status of ILL Requests To check the current status of your Interlibrary Loan requests, log into your ILLiad account. You may view: Outstanding requests Checked out items Cancelled requests History of all requests Email notifications If additional assistance is needed, please contact the ILL staff. Patron Responsibility Books and other interlibrary loan materials must be returned by the due date.  Materials may be returned at any of the Libraries' Service Desks, at the Highland Street book drop, at the UNT Dallas Campus Library, or at the UNT Dallas College of Law Library.  All loaned items are subject to recall and are to be returned immediately. Patrons are financially responsible for items that are not returned, lost, or damaged. Failure to return Interlibrary Loan materials by the due date may lead to replacement charges levied by the lending library.  In order to remain in good standing with our interlibrary loan partners, the UNT Libraries pay replacement charges for outstanding items.  When the UNT Libraries pay replacement charges, the patron becomes responsible for reimbursing the UNT Libraries.  Replacement fees will not be waived after the UNT Libraries have made payment.  Replacement fees are non-refundable and may lead to restrictions on future Interlibrary Loan service. Receipt of Materials Most ILL requests can be filled within 2 to 3 weeks depending on the location supplying the item. Requests which require special attention or handling may take longer. You will be notified when the materials have arrived using the preferred notification method chosen when you created your ILLiad account. Materials are picked up at: Library Services Desk, 1st Floor Willis Library Eagle Commons Library Service Desk Discovery Park Library Service Desk, Room B112 UNT Dallas Campus Library UNT Dallas College of Law Library A UNT ID card is required to pick up ILL materials. Length of Loans The return date is determined by the lending institution and usually varies from 2 to 6 weeks. Occasionally materials are sent "Library Use Only." These materials are not to leave the library. Materials picked up at the last minute will still be due at the time specified by the lending institution. Loans must be returned by the due date. Failure to return materials on time jeopardizes the Libraries' standing with other institutions and makes borrowing much more difficult. If a book is overdue by 10 days or more, access to the request forms will be blocked until the overdue material is returned. All fines and fees assessed by the lending library will be passed along to the user. Failure to return books will also result in suspension of library privileges. Renewals Please make every effort to complete use of the ILL material within the original loan period. If you need a renewal, please make that request BEFORE the due date. Requests for renewal for overdue material will NOT be made. Renewals are at the discretion of the lending library. Only one renewal period is granted per title with the renewal period generally being 2 weeks. Charges While many schools and institutions charge or have set fees for borrowing materials, the UNT Libraries attempt to cover the cost of requesting materials for students and faculty. Every effort is made to borrow materials at no charge. Copyright Restrictions The copyright law of the United States governs the making of photocopies or other reproductions of copyrighted material. Photocopies or other reproductions can be furnished only under certain conditions: Private study Scholarship Research Use of the reproduction for other purposes may make the user liable for copyright infringement. This institution reserves the right to refuse to accept a copying order if, in its judgment, fulfillment of the request would involve violation of the copyright law. We will use document delivery vendors and the Copyright Clearance Center when possible. Services by Category All Borrowing and Delivery Technology and Computing Study Spaces Scholarly and Professional Research and Instruction Other Services Filter by Audience Community Members and Visitors Faculty & Staff Graduate Students Persons with Disabilities Locations & Hours Select Location Willis Library Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media Library Annex Mail University Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 Partnerships The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library. The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center. Contact 940.565.2411 Research Questions Staff Directory Computer & Technology Problems Facilities Problems Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home 