  library   node 1822 Online Holds formerly Material Delivery Service  Libraries  library   node 1822 Online Holds formerly Material Delivery Service  Libraries  library   node 1822 Online Holds formerly Material Delivery Service  Libraries  library   node 1822 Online Holds formerly Material Delivery Service  Libraries  library   node 1822 Online Holds formerly Material Delivery Service  Libraries  library   node 1822 Online Holds formerly Material Delivery Service  Libraries  library   node 1822 Online Holds formerly Material Delivery Service  Libraries  library   node 1822 Online Holds formerly Material Delivery Service  Libraries  library   node 1822 Online Holds formerly Material Delivery Service  Libraries  library   node 1822 Online Holds formerly Material Delivery Service  Libraries  Online Holds (formerly Material Delivery Service) | University of North Texas Libraries Skip to main content Services for Persons with Disabilities Information for... Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors Persons with Disabilities UNT Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Other Library Sites UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History Finding Aids Exhibits Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website University Libraries UNT Libraries Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website MENU Home Research Services About Help News & Events Find Ask Us Accounts Login Start Your Research Search it All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections UNT Special Collections Subject & Course Guides This Website Not Sure Where to Start? Enter your search terms and we'll grab results from multiple systems for you at once. Search Search Many Sources for Articles: Search Peer-Reviewed Only Full-text Available Online. Advanced Search Other Ways to Find Articles: Journal Title | In a Database | e-Journals | Google Scholar Search the Catalog Search Keyword Title Journal Title Author Subject LC Call No. Dewey Call No. Other Call No. All Collections Media Library Music Library Discovery Park Library Electronic Resources Government Documents Special Collections The Factory (Makerspace) UNT Dallas Law Library More Catalog Options: Advanced Search | Music | Media | E-Books Search for a Database Search or... Go Directly to: or... Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z or... Browse Subjects: Browse by Subject Accounting Agriculture and Veterinary Science American Indian and International Indigenous Studies Anthropology Archeology Architecture Art and Artists Art History Art Iconography and Symbolism Astronomy Autism Behavior Analysis Biography Biology Business Chemical Engineering Chemistry Communication Studies Company and Industry Research Computer Science and Engineering Construction Engineering Technology Creative Writing Criminal Justice Current Events Dance Data and Statistics Dictionaries, Directories and Encyclopedias Economics Education Educational Counseling Electrical Engineering Emergency Administration and Planning Engineering Engineering Technology English Language and Literature Environmental Sciences Ethnic studies Fashion Design Finance Forensic Science Genealogy General and Interdisciplinary Geography (Human) Geography (Physical) Geology Gerontology Government Grants History Hospitality and Tourism Management Human Resources Management Humanities Information Technology and Decision Sciences International Studies Interior Design Jewish Studies Journalism Kinesiology Latin American Studies Law and Legislation Learning Technologies LGBT Library and Information Sciences Linguistics Marketing and Advertising Materials Science and Engineering Mathematics and Statistical Methods Mechanical and Energy Engineering Medicine and Health Merchandising and Digital Retailing Military Studies Music Newspapers Philosophy Photography Physics Political science Psychology Public Administration Radio, Television and Film Recreation and Leisure Studies Reference Rehabilitation Studies Religion Sciences Social Sciences Social Work Sociology Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology Studio Art Technical Writing Theater Transportation and Aviation Logistics Women Studies/Gender World Languages, Literatures, & Cultures Browse Frequently Used: Academic Search Complete | EBSCOhost | JSTOR | Lexis Nexis Academic | ScienceDirect | Web of Knowledge Search for an e-Journal Search Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Numbers & Dates | Non-Roman Characters Browse Subjects: Art, Architecture & Applied Arts Business & Economics Earth & Environmental Sciences Engineering & Applied Sciences General Health & Biological Sciences History & Archaeology Journalism & Communications Languages & Literatures Law, Politics & Government Music, Dance, Drama & Film Philosophy & Religion Physical Sciences & Mathematics Social Sciences Browse Other Ways to Find Articles: Databases | Find Online Articles | Google Scholar Search the UNT Digital Collections Search Jump To: UNT Digital Library | The Portal to Texas History | UNT Scholarly Works Search the UNT Special Collections Search Jump To: Browse Finding Aids | Exhibits | Special Collections Search Subject & Course Guides Search Browse Subjects Browse Courses Search this Website Find information about the libraries, its services, policies, past news, events, exhibits, etc. SearchSearch Most Requested About Borrowing Citations & Styles Course Reserves Dept. Directory Faculty Services FAQs Interlibrary Loan Jobs Locations & Hours Media & Music Online Holds RefWorks | Legacy Renewing Study Rooms Subjects & Courses 24 Commons Account Login, ILL, & Renewals Borrowing & Returning Doing Research Getting Help Locations & Hours Paying Fines People & Departments Media & Music Search Course Reserves Services & Policies Reserve a Study Room (Students) Ask Us Your Questions 940.565.3245 Toggle Dropdown 940.565.3245 : Reference Help 940.565.2413 : Willis 940.369.7200 : Discovery Park 940.565.2194 : Eagle Commons 940.565.2480 : Media 940.565.2606 : Collection Management 940.565.3025 : Administrative Offices Dept. Directory Email Subject Librarians Problems Computers & Technology Facilities Website Other Find a Subject Librarian Study & Create Computers Printing Spaces Home Services Materials Delivery Service Materials Delivery Service The Online Holds service, has replaced the Library Materials Delivery Service Form.  See this article for details. How to Request Books or Journal Articles Owned by the UNT Libraries Requesting books may be done through our Online Holds service. To place a hold, simply click the link labeled “Request this item for pickup” that you will see in catalog records and search results for requestable items. This link will take you to a form that will ask for your EUID and password, which item you want to request, and the pickup location. You will be able to place up to 25 holds at a time, and you will be able to manage your hold requests through your account in the online catalog. Please note that if you log into your catalog account before placing a hold, you can bypass the account authorization on the first screen of the request form. This is helpful if you need to place several holds in one session. Catalog record: Search results: Requests are processed within 48 hours if the items are available.  Patrons are notified by email when the items are available for pick up. Also note that, in addition to holds for available items, the new request form will also handle recall requests, requests for items at Remote Storage, and requests for items in the Discovery Park Library stacks. Requests for articles may be made through ILLiad.  Starting Point & Delivery (Pick-Up) Locations: On-campus delivery location is determined by the "home" location of the item requested: Location of Item Can be Delivered To: Remote Storage: Regular Circulating Materials Eagle Commons Library Service Desk UNT Dallas Library Service Desk Discovery Park Library Service Desk Willis Library 1st Floor Pickup Shelf Music Library Service Desk Media Library Service Desk Faculty Delivery to Office Remote Storage: Media Material Media Library Service Desk Remote Storage: Music Material Music Library Service Desk Willis Library: Regular Circulating Materials Willis Library 1st Floor Pickup Shelf Eagle Commons Library Service Desk UNT Dallas Library Service Desk Discovery Park Library Service Desk Media Library Service Desk Music Library Service Desk Faculty Delivery to Office Eagle Commons Library: Regular Circulating Materials Eagle Commons Library Service Desk Willis Library 1st Floor Pickup Shelf Discovery Park Library Service Desk UNT Dallas Library Service Desk Media Library Service Desk Music Library Service Desk Faculty Delivery to Office Discovery Park: Regular Circulating Materials Discovery Park Library Service Desk UNT Dallas Library Service Desk Eagle Commons Library Service Desk Willis Library 1st Floor Pickup Shelf Media Library Service Desk Music Library Service Desk Faculty Delivery to Office All Microfilms, regardless of location Willis Library Microforms Willis Library First Floor Pickup Shelf The Willis Library First Floor Pickup Shelf is a self service holds pickup location that is located on the north wall inside Willis Library, near the Willis Library Services Desk. Other Delivery Services UNT Distance Learning Services & Requests from UNT-Dallas ​for UNT Owned-Materials. Faculty Delivery Service. Faculty Booking and Courier Service of Media Items. Limitations: Limits: There is a limit of 25 holds that may be placed at one time.  Items remain on the holdshelf for five days. Large Electronic Files: Copies of journal articles, class notes, and tests on reserve will be delivered electronically or e-mailed (PDF).  For requests to be e-mailed, please limit requests to no more than 30 pages for each request.  Depending on your e-mail provider, you may not be able to receive files larger than that. Reserves: Reserve items are not eligible for holds, however, copies of a chapter or other small portions of the books can be delivered electronically to your ILLiad account if the amount requested is not in violation of copyright laws. No Periodicals: Periodical volumes (except those located in Remote Storage) or individual issues are not sent by mail nor are they delivered through the Online Holds Service.  Articles may be requested through ILLiad. No Fragile or Rare Items: Fragile materials may be restricted to Library Use Only. Services by Category All Borrowing and Delivery Technology and Computing Study Spaces Scholarly and Professional Research and Instruction Other Services Filter by Audience Community Members and Visitors Faculty & Staff Graduate Students Persons with Disabilities Locations & Hours Select Location Willis Library Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media Library Annex Mail University Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 Partnerships The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library. The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center. Contact 940.565.2411 Research Questions Staff Directory Computer & Technology Problems Facilities Problems Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home 