 giving   the campaign campaign goals innovation entrepreneurship Innovation and Entrepreneurship Giving to  giving   the campaign campaign goals innovation entrepreneurship Innovation and Entrepreneurship Giving to  giving   the campaign campaign goals innovation entrepreneurship Innovation and Entrepreneurship Giving to  giving   the campaign campaign goals innovation entrepreneurship Innovation and Entrepreneurship Giving to  giving   the campaign campaign goals innovation entrepreneurship Innovation and Entrepreneurship Giving to  giving   the campaign campaign goals innovation entrepreneurship Innovation and Entrepreneurship Giving to  giving   the campaign campaign goals innovation entrepreneurship Innovation and Entrepreneurship Giving to  giving   the campaign campaign goals innovation entrepreneurship Innovation and Entrepreneurship Giving to  giving   the campaign campaign goals innovation entrepreneurship Innovation and Entrepreneurship Giving to  giving   the campaign campaign goals innovation entrepreneurship Innovation and Entrepreneurship Giving to   Innovation and Entrepreneurship | Giving to UNT Skip to main content Quick LInks MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Search form Search Giving to UNT Main menu Home Why Give Ways to Give Our Supporters Your Trust Giving News Contact Us Update Contact Information You are hereHome » The Campaign » Innovation and Entrepreneurship Follow Us Innovation and Entrepreneurship The most exciting advances today will come to those with the nimbleness and nerve to tackle very new, very big ideas. The University of North Texas believes our creative students and faculty are working towards the next horizon with innovative programs, projects and research that will shape tomorrow. Philanthropic support for our academic entrepreneurs seeds their initiatives. Whether it is with current use or endowed funds, venture philanthropy promises extraordinary satisfaction and results. You can help us reach our goals by supporting philanthropic investments with transformative potential. Special programmatic opportunities that require funding include faculty- and student-driven programs and research initiatives. Giving opportunities that help UNT become an innovation leader Autism Treatment and Research For more than 40 years UNT has been a trendsetter in its cross-disciplinary, community-oriented approach to autism treatment and research. UNT's Kristin Farmer Autism Center provides children and families with an array of high-quality services, including educational assessments, full-time individualized instruction and other therapies. In addition, UNT's College of Education is training the next generation of educators to work with children with autism. The College of Public Affairs and Community Service's Department of Behavior Analysis is a leader in research identifying new strategies that will help people with autism develop coping skills. The Rehabilitation Studies program, also part of the College of Public Affairs and Community Service, is developing transition and employment supports for adolescents and adults with autism. The College of Arts and Sciences' Department of Speech and Hearing Services is preparing future speech and language therapists and audiologists through hands-on training at UNT's Kristin Farmer Autism Center.UNT's College of Business is one of the largest colleges of business in the nation, educating more than 5,000 students annually and offering more than 50 majors. The College of Business' nationally recognized programs are preparing graduates for future leadership in some of the world's most sought-after industries. The Murphy Center for Entrepreneurship provides UNT students with academic programs designed to promote the formation of new and innovative enterprises and creative solutions to solve social problems. UNT's College of Merchandising Hospitality and Tourism is reinventing the way students are trained for service in the nation's service and retail industry with innovative degree programs in digital retailing and international sustainable tourism.UNT's Frank and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism capitalizes on its location in the nation's fourth-largest media market to help students bring media theory into practice in innovative ways. UNT's Innovation Greenhouse is the place where students can give life to the creative discoveries and ideas without limits. Contact Information Contact Information University of North Texas Division of Advancement 1155 Union Circle #311250 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Phone: (940) 565-2900 Toll Free: (800) 868-1153 TTY: (940) 369-8652 Email Us Email Us For questions about content in this web site, contact advancement@unt.edu. UNT System UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System   