  library   policies Policies Procres  Libraries  library   policies Policies Procres  Libraries  library   policies Policies Procres  Libraries  library   policies Policies Procres  Libraries  library   policies Policies Procres  Libraries  library   policies Policies Procres  Libraries  library   policies Policies Procres  Libraries  library   policies Policies Procres  Libraries  library   policies Policies Procres  Libraries  library   policies Policies Procres  Libraries  Policies & Procedures | University of North Texas Libraries Skip to main content Services for Persons with Disabilities Information for... Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors Persons with Disabilities UNT Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Other Library Sites UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History Finding Aids Exhibits Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website University Libraries UNT Libraries Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website MENU Home Research Services About Help News & Events Find Ask Us Accounts Login Start Your Research Search it All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections UNT Special Collections Subject & Course Guides This Website Not Sure Where to Start? Enter your search terms and we'll grab results from multiple systems for you at once. Search Search Many Sources for Articles: Search Peer-Reviewed Only Full-text Available Online. Advanced Search Other Ways to Find Articles: Journal Title | In a Database | e-Journals | Google Scholar Search the Catalog Search Keyword Title Journal Title Author Subject LC Call No. Dewey Call No. Other Call No. All Collections Media Library Music Library Discovery Park Library Electronic Resources Government Documents Special Collections The Factory (Makerspace) UNT Dallas Law Library More Catalog Options: Advanced Search | Music | Media | E-Books Search for a Database Search or... Go Directly to: or... Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z or... Browse Subjects: Browse by Subject Accounting Agriculture and Veterinary Science American Indian and International Indigenous Studies Anthropology Archeology Architecture Art and Artists Art History Art Iconography and Symbolism Astronomy Autism Behavior Analysis Biography Biology Business Chemical Engineering Chemistry Communication Studies Company and Industry Research Computer Science and Engineering Construction Engineering Technology Creative Writing Criminal Justice Current Events Dance Data and Statistics Dictionaries, Directories and Encyclopedias Economics Education Educational Counseling Electrical Engineering Emergency Administration and Planning Engineering Engineering Technology English Language and Literature Environmental Sciences Ethnic studies Fashion Design Finance Forensic Science Genealogy General and Interdisciplinary Geography (Human) Geography (Physical) Geology Gerontology Government Grants History Hospitality and Tourism Management Human Resources Management Humanities Information Technology and Decision Sciences International Studies Interior Design Jewish Studies Journalism Kinesiology Latin American Studies Law and Legislation Learning Technologies LGBT Library and Information Sciences Linguistics Marketing and Advertising Materials Science and Engineering Mathematics and Statistical Methods Mechanical and Energy Engineering Medicine and Health Merchandising and Digital Retailing Military Studies Music Newspapers Philosophy Photography Physics Political science Psychology Public Administration Radio, Television and Film Recreation and Leisure Studies Reference Rehabilitation Studies Religion Sciences Social Sciences Social Work Sociology Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology Studio Art Technical Writing Theater Transportation and Aviation Logistics Women Studies/Gender World Languages, Literatures, & Cultures Browse Frequently Used: Academic Search Complete | EBSCOhost | JSTOR | Lexis Nexis Academic | ScienceDirect | Web of Knowledge Search for an e-Journal Search Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Numbers & Dates | Non-Roman Characters Browse Subjects: Art, Architecture & Applied Arts Business & Economics Earth & Environmental Sciences Engineering & Applied Sciences General Health & Biological Sciences History & Archaeology Journalism & Communications Languages & Literatures Law, Politics & Government Music, Dance, Drama & Film Philosophy & Religion Physical Sciences & Mathematics Social Sciences Browse Other Ways to Find Articles: Databases | Find Online Articles | Google Scholar Search the UNT Digital Collections Search Jump To: UNT Digital Library | The Portal to Texas History | UNT Scholarly Works Search the UNT Special Collections Search Jump To: Browse Finding Aids | Exhibits | Special Collections Search Subject & Course Guides Search Browse Subjects Browse Courses Search this Website Find information about the libraries, its services, policies, past news, events, exhibits, etc. SearchSearch Most Requested About Borrowing Citations & Styles Course Reserves Dept. Directory Faculty Services FAQs Interlibrary Loan Jobs Locations & Hours Media & Music Online Holds RefWorks | Legacy Renewing Study Rooms Subjects & Courses 24 Commons Account Login, ILL, & Renewals Borrowing & Returning Doing Research Getting Help Locations & Hours Paying Fines People & Departments Media & Music Search Course Reserves Services & Policies Reserve a Study Room (Students) Ask Us Your Questions 940.565.3245 Toggle Dropdown 940.565.3245 : Reference Help 940.565.2413 : Willis 940.369.7200 : Discovery Park 940.565.2194 : Eagle Commons 940.565.2480 : Media 940.565.2606 : Collection Management 940.565.3025 : Administrative Offices Dept. Directory Email Subject Librarians Problems Computers & Technology Facilities Website Other Find a Subject Librarian Study & Create Computers Printing Spaces Home Policies & Procedures Policies & Procedures Borrowing Policies & Procedures Borrowing Books and other Regular Circulating Items Most books, scores, and a number of other kinds of items within our collections are considered regular circulating materials unless noted as “non-circulating,” or placed on reserves.  These materials are located at various locations... Borrowing Media Many items in the media library found in the library catalog can be checked out. Special loan periods, renewal procedures, and fines rates apply. Borrowing Music Audio/Video Items Many Music Library audio materials can be borrowed unless they are marked as “non-circulating,” or have been placed on reserves. Borrowing Periodicals In most cases, periodicals are non-circulating materials. However, some periodicals in print form may be checked out for short periods of time according to the following rules. Borrowing Reserves & Laptops Loan periods for reserve items are specified by the instructor. Reserve items and laptops have shorter borrowing periods and higher fines rates than most other materials. ID Cards In order to borrow materials, you must present a valid ID. UNT students, faculty and staff can check out materials using their UNT ID card. All other users must register with the Library Services... Returning Items to the Libraries Information about bringing back materials you have checked out. Fines and Fees Policies & Procedures Damaged Item Charges Basic information about fines and fees related to  damaged items. General Information about Fines Assessment Basic information about fines and fees. Lost Item Charges Basic information about fines and fees related to lost items. Miscellaneous Charges Basic information about activities which may incur additional charges to your account. Overdue Items Information about overdue items, and fines rates for different materials types. Reserves Policies & Procedures General Library Reserve Policy Policy information related to placing general collections items on reserves. Media Library Reserve Policy Instructors may place Media Library items, personal items, or legal off-air recordings on reserve for students to view in the library. All reserve items are entered into the UNT Library Catalog... Music Library Reserve Policy The Music Library houses reserves for music classes. Materials on reserve in the Music Library may include books, scores, recordings, photocopies, or other personal items. Different policies and procedures apply to the various formats Reserves: Copyright Information The University of North Texas Libraries adheres to all applicable Copyright Laws outlined in Title 17 of the United States Code and the ... Collection Development Policies & Procedures Collection Development Policy This policy addresses the general collection development policies of the UNT Libraries. Collection Development Policy for Open Access and Born-Digital Resources The Libraries of UNT are committed to the principles of open access, as outlined in the IFLA Statement on Open Access to... Collection Development Policy for the UNT Libraries’ Digital Collections Collection Development Policy for the UNT Libraries’ Digital Collections. Government Documents Collection Development Policy Collection Development Policies of the UNT Libraries Government Documents Department.  Includes information on Federal and State documents, legal materials, and maps. Media Library Collection Development Policy This policy addresses the general collection development policies of the UNT Libraries. Music Library Collection Development Policy This policy addresses the Music Library collection development policies of the UNT Libraries. Reconsideration of Materials Information related to the reconsideration of materials acquired by the UNT Libraries through its collection development practices and policies. Copies, Printing and Copyright Policies & Procedures Photocopy Policy: General Introduction to the photocopy policy of the UNT Libraries 24hr Student Computing Center @ the Library Printing Guidelines Printing Policies of the 24 hour Student Computing Commons @ the Library. Applying Copyright Section 108(c) to the UNT Media Library Collection The following are the UNT Media Library’s policies and procedures for creating preservation copies of audiovisual materials from the UNT Libraries collections. These preservation copies will become part of the library collection and are not to... Government Documents Copyright and Reproduction Policies A description of copyright and reproduction policies pertaining to government documents digital collections. Media Library Copyright Policies The Media Library follows the face-to-face classroom exemption for use of media materials, as outlined in the Copyright Act (U.S. Code, Title 17, Section 110). The Media Library also follows the Fair Use Guidelines for Educational Multimedia. Photocopy Policy: Coin-Operated Copying Machines Policies related to coin-operated copying machines. Photocopy Policy: Interlibrary Loan Copying Photocopy policy related to Interlibrary loan services in the UNT Libraries Photocopy Policy: Library Copying Not Authorized Non-Authorized content for copying. Photocopy Policy: Library Reserve Use Photocopy policy related to Library Reserves in the UNT Libraries Disability Accommodation Policies & Procedures Disability Accommodation The UNT Library Disability Accommodation Policy. Gifts Policies & Procedures UNT Libraries Gift Policy This policy addresses accepting gifts of books, journals, videos and resources in other formats offered to UNT Libraries in support of teaching and research information needs of University students and faculty. Interlibrary Loan Policies & Procedures Interlibrary Loan Policy The University of North Texas Libraries are committed to information accessibility. Retrieving hard copies of items unavailable in the library catalog is made possible through a variety of services, including traditional interlibrary loan and... Libraries Use Policies & Procedures Library Use The Library Use Policy includes information about building use, identification, tobacco, animals, bicycles, food & drinks, noise, library tours, orientation, instruction, and classroom reservations. Special Collections Policies The materials in the University of North Texas Libraries collections are open for research use, except where noted, or where restricted by law Other Policies & Procedures 24 Student Computing Center @ the Library Disciplinary Action Plan Disciplinary action information related to the Willis 24 Center. 24hr Student Computing Commons @ the Library General Procedures Policies and procedures related to the 24 hour Student Computing Center @ the Library. General Digital Collections Policies (Government Documents Department) Digital Collections policies for the Government Documents Department, concerning copyright, reproduction permission, purchase, appraisal, and removal of contact or personal information. Library Data Retention The UNT Libraries is committed to making library-generated data broadly available in the UNT Data Repository.  When possible, deposited datasets will be made available with the Creative Commons Public Domain Dedication (CC0) license... Locally Created Cataloging and Metadata Records Rights Policy As a way of supporting Open Access and the free dissemination and reuse of knowledge, the UNT Libraries makes its contribution of cataloging and metadata records available as Public Domain... Open Source Software Policy A policy related to the use of, contribution to, or creation and release of Open Source Software in or by the University Libraries in support of open scholarship at the University of North Texas. UNT Libraries’ Digital Collections Usage and Feedback Policy This document describes the policies governing the interaction of external users with materials in the UNT Libraries’ (UNTL) Digital Collections. UNT Libraries’ Digital Preservation Policy Framework This policy addresses preservation of digital collections and resources for which the University of North Texas Libraries (UNTL) is the primary custodian. Policy Categories Circulation Collection Development Copies, Printing and Copyright Disability Accommodation Gifts Interlibrary Loan Libraries Use Other Locations & Hours Select Location Willis Library Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media Library Annex Mail University Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 Partnerships The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library. The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center. Contact 940.565.2411 Research Questions Staff Directory Computer & Technology Problems Facilities Problems Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home 