  library   spaces Spaces  Libraries  library   spaces Spaces  Libraries  library   spaces Spaces  Libraries  library   spaces Spaces  Libraries  library   spaces Spaces  Libraries  library   spaces Spaces  Libraries  library   spaces Spaces  Libraries  library   spaces Spaces  Libraries  library   spaces Spaces  Libraries  library   spaces Spaces  Libraries  Spaces | University of North Texas Libraries Skip to main content Services for Persons with Disabilities Information for... Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors Persons with Disabilities UNT Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Other Library Sites UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History Finding Aids Exhibits Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website University Libraries UNT Libraries Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website MENU Home Research Services About Help News & Events Find Ask Us Accounts Login Start Your Research Search it All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections UNT Special Collections Subject & Course Guides This Website Not Sure Where to Start? Enter your search terms and we'll grab results from multiple systems for you at once. Search Search Many Sources for Articles: Search Peer-Reviewed Only Full-text Available Online. Advanced Search Other Ways to Find Articles: Journal Title | In a Database | e-Journals | Google Scholar Search the Catalog Search Keyword Title Journal Title Author Subject LC Call No. Dewey Call No. Other Call No. All Collections Media Library Music Library Discovery Park Library Electronic Resources Government Documents Special Collections The Factory (Makerspace) UNT Dallas Law Library More Catalog Options: Advanced Search | Music | Media | E-Books Search for a Database Search or... Go Directly to: or... Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z or... Browse Subjects: Browse by Subject Accounting Agriculture and Veterinary Science American Indian and International Indigenous Studies Anthropology Archeology Architecture Art and Artists Art History Art Iconography and Symbolism Astronomy Autism Behavior Analysis Biography Biology Business Chemical Engineering Chemistry Communication Studies Company and Industry Research Computer Science and Engineering Construction Engineering Technology Creative Writing Criminal Justice Current Events Dance Data and Statistics Dictionaries, Directories and Encyclopedias Economics Education Educational Counseling Electrical Engineering Emergency Administration and Planning Engineering Engineering Technology English Language and Literature Environmental Sciences Ethnic studies Fashion Design Finance Forensic Science Genealogy General and Interdisciplinary Geography (Human) Geography (Physical) Geology Gerontology Government Grants History Hospitality and Tourism Management Human Resources Management Humanities Information Technology and Decision Sciences International Studies Interior Design Jewish Studies Journalism Kinesiology Latin American Studies Law and Legislation Learning Technologies LGBT Library and Information Sciences Linguistics Marketing and Advertising Materials Science and Engineering Mathematics and Statistical Methods Mechanical and Energy Engineering Medicine and Health Merchandising and Digital Retailing Military Studies Music Newspapers Philosophy Photography Physics Political science Psychology Public Administration Radio, Television and Film Recreation and Leisure Studies Reference Rehabilitation Studies Religion Sciences Social Sciences Social Work Sociology Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology Studio Art Technical Writing Theater Transportation and Aviation Logistics Women Studies/Gender World Languages, Literatures, & Cultures Browse Frequently Used: Academic Search Complete | EBSCOhost | JSTOR | Lexis Nexis Academic | ScienceDirect | Web of Knowledge Search for an e-Journal Search Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Numbers & Dates | Non-Roman Characters Browse Subjects: Art, Architecture & Applied Arts Business & Economics Earth & Environmental Sciences Engineering & Applied Sciences General Health & Biological Sciences History & Archaeology Journalism & Communications Languages & Literatures Law, Politics & Government Music, Dance, Drama & Film Philosophy & Religion Physical Sciences & Mathematics Social Sciences Browse Other Ways to Find Articles: Databases | Find Online Articles | Google Scholar Search the UNT Digital Collections Search Jump To: UNT Digital Library | The Portal to Texas History | UNT Scholarly Works Search the UNT Special Collections Search Jump To: Browse Finding Aids | Exhibits | Special Collections Search Subject & Course Guides Search Browse Subjects Browse Courses Search this Website Find information about the libraries, its services, policies, past news, events, exhibits, etc. SearchSearch Most Requested About Borrowing Citations & Styles Course Reserves Dept. Directory Faculty Services FAQs Interlibrary Loan Jobs Locations & Hours Media & Music Online Holds RefWorks | Legacy Renewing Study Rooms Subjects & Courses 24 Commons Account Login, ILL, & Renewals Borrowing & Returning Doing Research Getting Help Locations & Hours Paying Fines People & Departments Media & Music Search Course Reserves Services & Policies Reserve a Study Room (Students) Ask Us Your Questions 940.565.3245 Toggle Dropdown 940.565.3245 : Reference Help 940.565.2413 : Willis 940.369.7200 : Discovery Park 940.565.2194 : Eagle Commons 940.565.2480 : Media 940.565.2606 : Collection Management 940.565.3025 : Administrative Offices Dept. Directory Email Subject Librarians Problems Computers & Technology Facilities Website Other Find a Subject Librarian Study & Create Computers Printing Spaces Home Spaces Spaces Willis Library Lower Level The renovated Lower Level of Willis Library is a designated quiet space with comfortable, individual study stations. Lower Level, Willis Lower Level First Floor Willis Library's 1st Floor is a popular study area with a mix of study tables, casual seating, mobile whiteboards, and computers available through the 24 commons. Also Available:  The Study (grab coffee, tea, or some grub) & The Factory Makerspace Laptops for Checkout & Printers Library Services Desk ​Willis 136 (frequently used classroom for courses in libraries) Willis 140: The Forum First Floor, Willis 1st Floor The Factory Located on the 1st floor of Willis Library, the UNT Libraries' makerspace, The Factory promotes the cooperative and creative use of technology. The space is used to provide the UNT community with access to equipment, software, and training to promote innovative, cross-disciplinary learning. Seats: 12-16 Amenities: Workshop seating, Fabrication workstations Technology & Materials: Audio/visual equipment, Electronics, Programming, Prototyping, 3D Printing, Die & laser cutting, Sewing machines, Weaving looms, Hand/electric tools, and Reference materials. Students: Register for a Factory Workshop The Factory, Willis 1st Floor The Forum (Willis 140) Located on the 1st floor of Willis, The Forum is a large and open space designed to host lecture series, presentations, and other on-campus group discussions. Fees may apply for reservations. Seats: 130 - 150 (see details page) Amenities: Staff/Teaching/Presenter station, PC, Open/mobile seating, Panelist tables, Buffet/food tables Technology: Projector/AirMedia, VGA/HDMI, Microphone, Ceiling Mounted Webcam for use with Skype/Panopto The Forum (Willis 140), Willis 1st Floor Willis 136 Willis 136 is a large classroom/computer lab located on the 1st floor of Willis, just inside the front entrance. Librarians and professors frequently hold classroom instruction sessions in this space. This room can be reserved by UNT faculty and staff. Seats: 52 Amenities: Staff/Teaching/Presenter station, Fixed seating, Whiteboard Technology: Projector, 52 PCs, Webcam for use with Skype/Panopto Faculty: Reserve This Room Willis 136, Willis 1st Floor Second Floor Willis Library's 2nd Floor features group study rooms, study tables, casual seating, and 24 Commons computer workstations. On this Floor: Willis 229 (Presentations & Group Study) Rooms 250A-M (Group Study) Room 250H (Presentations & Large Groups) Second Floor, Willis 2nd Floor Willis 229 Located on the 2nd floor of Willis near the elevators, Library staff frequently use this room for meetings with UNT Faculty and Strategic Partners. This room can be reserved by UNT students during evening and weekend hours. Seats: 14 Amenities: Staff/Teaching/Presenter station, Fixed seating, Whiteboard Technology: PC, Wireless mouse/keyboard, Projector, Conference phone, Webcam for use with Panopto Students: Check Availability / Reserve Willis 229, Willis 2nd Floor Willis 250A Located on the 2nd floor of Willis Library, 250A is one of the Libraries' study rooms for use by students, faculty, and staff. This room is set up as a BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) room to study, present, collaborate, and share content wirelessly. Seats: 8 Amenities: Open/mobile seating Technology: TV/AirMedia Faculty: Reserve This Room Students: Check Availability / Reserve Willis 250A, Willis 2nd Floor Willis 250B Located on the 2nd floor of Willis Library, 250B is one of the Libraries' study rooms for use by students, faculty, and staff. This room is set up as a BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) room to study, present, collaborate, and share content wirelessly. Seats: 8 Amenities: Open/mobile seating Technology: TV/AirMedia Faculty: Reserve This Room Students: Check Availability / Reserve Willis 250B, Willis 2nd Floor Willis 250C Located on the 2nd floor of Willis Library, 250C is one of the Libraries' study rooms for use by students, faculty, and staff. This room is set up as a BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) room to study, present, collaborate, and share content wirelessly. Seats: 16 Amenities: Open/mobile seating Technology: TV/AirMedia Faculty: Reserve This Room Students: Check Availability / Reserve Willis 250C, Willis 2nd Floor Willis 250F Located on the 2nd floor of Willis Library, 250F is one of the Libraries' study rooms for use by students, faculty, and staff. This room is set up as a BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) room to study, present, collaborate, and share content wirelessly. Seats: 8 Amenities: Open/mobile seating Technology: TV/AirMedia Faculty: Reserve This Room Students: Check Availability / Reserve Willis 250F, Willis 2nd Floor Willis 250G Located on the 2nd floor of Willis Library, 250G is one of the Libraries' study rooms for use by students, faculty, and staff. This room is set up as a BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) room to study, present, collaborate, and share content wirelessly. Seats: 8 Amenities: Open/mobile seating Technology: TV/AirMedia Faculty: Reserve This Room Students: Check Availability / Reserve Willis 250G, Willis 2nd Floor Willis 250H Located on the 2nd floor of Willis Library, 250H is a large and open presentation classroom for use by faculty and staff. This room is set up as a BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) room to study, present, collaborate, and share content wirelessly. Students are unable to reserve this room, but are welcome to study here when it is not in use. Seats: 125 Amenities: Staff/Teaching/Presenter station, Open/mobile seating Technology: PC, Projector/AirMedia, VGA/HDMI, Microphone, Ceiling mounted Vaddio webcam for use with Panopto, Wireless mouse/keyboard Faculty: Reserve This Room Willis 250H, Willis 2nd Floor Willis 250J Located on the 2nd floor of Willis Library, 250J is one of the Libraries' study rooms for use by students, faculty, and staff. This room is set up as a BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) room to study, present, collaborate, and share content wirelessly. Seats: 16 Amenities: Open/mobile seating Technology: TV/AirMedia Faculty: Reserve This Room Students: Check Availability / Reserve Willis 250J, Willis 2nd Floor Willis 250K Located on the 2nd floor of Willis, 250K is one of the Libraries' study rooms for use by students, faculty, and staff. This room is set up as a BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) room to study, present, collaborate, and share content wirelessly. Seats: 8 Amenities: Open/mobile seating Technology: TV/AirMedia Faculty: Reserve This Room Students: Check Availability / Reserve Willis 250K, Willis 2nd Floor Willis 250M Located on the 2nd floor of Willis Library, 250M is one of the Libraries' study rooms for use by students, faculty, and staff. This room is set up as a BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) room to study, present, collaborate, and share content wirelessly. Seats: 8 Amenities: Open/mobile seating Technology: TV/AirMedia Faculty: Reserve This Room Students: Check Availability / Reserve Willis 250M, Willis 2nd Floor Third Floor Our general collection of books is located on Willis Library's 3rd Floor. This (sometimes) quiet floor has study tables, casual seating, and 24 Commons computer workstations. Want to browse some of our books? Check out this guide. Visit: UNT's Oral History Department Third Floor, Willis 3rd Floor Willis 340 Located on the 3rd floor of Willis Library, 340 is a large classroom used for UNT classes, presentations, and group study. Faculty, staff, and students can reserve this classroom. Seats: 30 Amenities: Staff/Teaching/Presenter station, Open/mobile seating, Mobile whiteboard Technology: PC, Projector, HDMI, Microphone, Webcam for use with Panopto Faculty: Reserve This Room Students: Check Availability / Reserve Willis 340, Willis 3rd Floor Willis 352 A conference room located on the 3rd floor of Willis Library. Primarily used by the Libraries' staff for meetings and small group presentations. Frequently used for meetings with UNT Faculty and Strategic Partners. Seats: 8 Amenities: Staff/Teaching/Presenter station, Fixed seating, Whiteboard Technology: PC, Wireless mouse/keyboard, TV, Conference phone, Webcam Willis 352, Willis 3rd Floor Fourth Floor Looking for the Music Library or Special Collections? This is the place. This is a quiet floor with a mix of study carrels, study tables, casual seating, computer workstations, and music keyboards.  On this Floor: Sarah T. Hughes Reading Room Sandborn Music Reading Room Rooms 429 and 443 (Group Study) Fourth Floor, WIllis 4th Floor Edna Mae Sandborn Music Reading Room (Willis 430A) Located on the 4th floor of Willis, the Edna Mae Sandborn Music Reading Room houses the Music Library's core collection of rare scores and books about music and acts as both a reading room for music researchers and an exhibit space for special events and occasional music performances. Seats: 8 Amenities: Reading table, Comfortable chairs Edna Mae Sandborn Music Reading Room (Willis 430A), WIllis 4th Floor Sarah T. Hughes Reading Room (Willis 437) Located on the 4th floor of Willis, the Sarah T. Hughes Reading Room regularly hosts exhibits offered by Special Collections. This is the primary space used to do research with physical items from the collections that are rare or fragile. Seats: 14 Amenities: Reading tables, Comfortable chairs Special Collections: Classroom and Group Visits Sarah T. Hughes Reading Room (Willis 437), WIllis 4th Floor Willis 429 Located on the 4th floor of Willis Library, 429 is a small classroom used for presentations and group study. Faculty, staff, and students can reserve this classroom. Seats: 14 Amenities: Staff/Teaching/Presenter station, Mobile seating Technology: PC, Projector, HDMI/VGA, Microphone, Webcam for use with Panopto/Capture HD Faculty: Reserve This Room Students: Check Availability / Reserve Willis 429, WIllis 4th Floor Willis 443 Willis 443 is a large classroom located on the 4th floor of Willis Library. Librarians and professors hold classroom instruction sessions in this space. This room can be reserved by UNT faculty, staff, and students. Seats: 32 Amenities: Staff/Teaching/Presenter station, Fixed seating, Whiteboard Technology: Projector, HDMI/VGA, Microphone, Ceiling mounted webcam for use with Skype/Panopto Faculty: Reserve This Room Willis 443, WIllis 4th Floor Media Library Chilton 111C Located on the 1st floor of Chilton Hall, 111C is a screening classroom. The room may be reserved for one-time use by instructors for screening media materials to their classes or by students as a study space. Seats: 35 Amenities: Staff/Teaching/Presenter station, Open/mobile seating Technology: Blu-Ray player, VHS player, LaserDisc player, PC, Projector, HDMI/VGA, Wireless mouse/keyboard Faculty: Reserve This Room Students: Check Availability / Reserve Chilton 111C, Media Library, Chilton Hall Ground Floor Eagle Commons Library CLC 110A Located on the main floor of the Eagle Commons Library, Sycamore Hall, CLC 110A is a small classroom used for presentations and group study. Faculty, staff, and students can reserve this classroom. Seats: 14 Amenities: Staff/Teaching/Presenter station, Mobile seating, Whiteboard Technology: PC, Projector, HDMI/VGA, Microphone, Webcam for use with Capture HD, Wireless mouse/keyboard Faculty: Reserve This Room Students: Check Availability / Reserve CLC 110A, Eagle Commons Library Main Floor and Sycamore Hall 1st Floor CLC 110B Located on the main floor of the Eagle Commons Library, Sycamore Hall, CLC 110B is a small classroom used for presentations and group study. Faculty, staff, and students can reserve this classroom. Seats: 14 Amenities: Staff/Teaching/Presenter station, Mobile seating, Whiteboard Technology: PC, Projector, HDMI/VGA, Microphone, Webcam for use with Capture HD, Wireless mouse/keyboard Faculty: Reserve This Room Students: Check Availability / Reserve CLC 110B, Eagle Commons Library Main Floor and Sycamore Hall 1st Floor Discovery Park Library Discovery Park B135 Discovery Park B135 is a classroom with laptops available for student checkout located just inside the Discovery Park Library. Librarians and professors frequently hold classroom instruction sessions in this space. This room can be reserved by UNT faculty and staff. Seats: 15 Amenities: Staff/Teaching/Presenter station, Fixed seating Technology: Projector, 16 Laptops, Webcam for use with Skype Faculty: Reserve This Room Discovery Park B135, Discovery Park Library 1st Floor We provide many different types of spaces within the libraries to get your work done. Want something quiet & out of the way? Need to meet a class? Filter your options here and then click through to reserve a space, get directions, etc. Find a Space View All Spaces Course and Lecture Spaces  Study Rooms Open Areas Specific Needs Bring Your Own Device Equipped with Computer Workstations For Small Groups and Individuals Good for Medium Groups Good for Large Groups Low Traffic / Quiet High Traffic For Special Events Limit to Spaces in: Discovery Park Library Eagle Commons Library Media Library Willis Library Audience: Most of the libraries' study rooms and presentation spaces are available to everyone and many can be reserved in advance. However, some restrictions do apply to specific rooms. Find spaces usually (but maybe not exclusively) for: Community Members Graduate Students Undergraduates UNT Faculty UNT Library Staff UNT Staff Locations & Hours Select Location Willis Library Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media Library Annex Mail University Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 Partnerships The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library. The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center. Contact 940.565.2411 Research Questions Staff Directory Computer & Technology Problems Facilities Problems Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home 