 digital library   search Basic Search Digital Library digital library   search Basic Search Digital Library digital library   search Basic Search Digital Library digital library   search Basic Search Digital Library digital library   search Basic Search Digital Library digital library   search Basic Search Digital Library digital library   search Basic Search Digital Library digital library   search Basic Search Digital Library digital library   search Basic Search Digital Library digital library   search Basic Search Digital Library  Basic Search: Digital Library Skip to main content Menu Digital Library Home Tour About Overview Purpose Collaboration Technology Policies Statistics API Help Accessibility Contact Us Explore Overview Collections Partners Titles Locations Resource Types Dates Search Basic Search Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search Digital Library Site Search Options Submit Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search Searching Help Library Websites UNT Digital Library University Libraries Home Library Catalog Article Search Special Collections Finding Aids You Are Here: home basic search Basic Search Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search You can use basic search for simple queries or complex expressions. It works either way. Search Terms: Any Type Filter Popular Resource Types Thesis or Dissertation Reports Photos, Maps, and other Images Sound Recordings All Resource Types Everything (Default) Articles Artworks Books Book Chapters Clippings Collections Datasets Images Interactive Resources Journal/Magazine/Newsletters Legal Documents Legislative Documents Letters Maps Musical Score/Notations Newspapers Pamphlets Papers Patents Photographs Physical Objects Poems Postcards Posters Presentations Reports Reviews Scripts Sounds Specimens Technical Drawings Texts Thesis or Dissertations Videos Websites Yearbooks Search More Ways to Search Guided Search Want to learn how to build a search query using phrases and Boolean logic? This tool will teach you. Guided Advanced Search Craft a search with a high degree of precision. Advanced Search gives you the most control up-front. Advanced Proximity Search Build a complex search query by specifying the distance between words. Proximity Get in Touch Questions / Feedback Report Problems Follow Along New Items (RSS) News Additional Resources The Portal to Texas History A gateway to rare, historical, and primary source materials from or about Texas. Gateway to Oklahoma History Historic newspapers digitized from across the Red River. UNT Digital Projects Unit For partners and peer institutions seeking information about standards, project requests, and our services. Research @ The UNT Libraries Links and search tools for all of the collections and resources avaialble from UNT. Get Updates in Your Inbox Get Updates in your Inbox Sign up for our periodic e-mail newsletter, and get news about our collections, new partnerships, information on resesearch, trivia, awards, and more. External Links UNT Libraries Terms Privacy Accessibility State of Texas Online Updated: Friday, May 05, 2017 Back to Top of Screen 