  library   services eagle commons library funding information network Funding Information Network  Libraries  library   services eagle commons library funding information network Funding Information Network  Libraries  library   services eagle commons library funding information network Funding Information Network  Libraries  library   services eagle commons library funding information network Funding Information Network  Libraries  library   services eagle commons library funding information network Funding Information Network  Libraries  library   services eagle commons library funding information network Funding Information Network  Libraries  library   services eagle commons library funding information network Funding Information Network  Libraries  library   services eagle commons library funding information network Funding Information Network  Libraries  library   services eagle commons library funding information network Funding Information Network  Libraries  library   services eagle commons library funding information network Funding Information Network  Libraries  Funding Information Network | University of North Texas Libraries Skip to main content Services for Persons with Disabilities Information for... Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors Persons with Disabilities UNT Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Other Library Sites UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History Finding Aids Exhibits Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website University Libraries UNT Libraries Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website MENU Home Research Services About Help News & Events Find Ask Us Accounts Login Start Your Research Search it All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections UNT Special Collections Subject & Course Guides This Website Not Sure Where to Start? Enter your search terms and we'll grab results from multiple systems for you at once. Search Search Many Sources for Articles: Search Peer-Reviewed Only Full-text Available Online. Advanced Search Other Ways to Find Articles: Journal Title | In a Database | e-Journals | Google Scholar Search the Catalog Search Keyword Title Journal Title Author Subject LC Call No. Dewey Call No. Other Call No. All Collections Media Library Music Library Discovery Park Library Electronic Resources Government Documents Special Collections The Factory (Makerspace) UNT Dallas Law Library More Catalog Options: Advanced Search | Music | Media | E-Books Search for a Database Search or... Go Directly to: or... Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z or... Browse Subjects: Browse by Subject Accounting Agriculture and Veterinary Science American Indian and International Indigenous Studies Anthropology Archeology Architecture Art and Artists Art History Art Iconography and Symbolism Astronomy Autism Behavior Analysis Biography Biology Business Chemical Engineering Chemistry Communication Studies Company and Industry Research Computer Science and Engineering Construction Engineering Technology Creative Writing Criminal Justice Current Events Dance Data and Statistics Dictionaries, Directories and Encyclopedias Economics Education Educational Counseling Electrical Engineering Emergency Administration and Planning Engineering Engineering Technology English Language and Literature Environmental Sciences Ethnic studies Fashion Design Finance Forensic Science Genealogy General and Interdisciplinary Geography (Human) Geography (Physical) Geology Gerontology Government Grants History Hospitality and Tourism Management Human Resources Management Humanities Information Technology and Decision Sciences International Studies Interior Design Jewish Studies Journalism Kinesiology Latin American Studies Law and Legislation Learning Technologies LGBT Library and Information Sciences Linguistics Marketing and Advertising Materials Science and Engineering Mathematics and Statistical Methods Mechanical and Energy Engineering Medicine and Health Merchandising and Digital Retailing Military Studies Music Newspapers Philosophy Photography Physics Political science Psychology Public Administration Radio, Television and Film Recreation and Leisure Studies Reference Rehabilitation Studies Religion Sciences Social Sciences Social Work Sociology Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology Studio Art Technical Writing Theater Transportation and Aviation Logistics Women Studies/Gender World Languages, Literatures, & Cultures Browse Frequently Used: Academic Search Complete | EBSCOhost | JSTOR | Lexis Nexis Academic | ScienceDirect | Web of Knowledge Search for an e-Journal Search Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Numbers & Dates | Non-Roman Characters Browse Subjects: Art, Architecture & Applied Arts Business & Economics Earth & Environmental Sciences Engineering & Applied Sciences General Health & Biological Sciences History & Archaeology Journalism & Communications Languages & Literatures Law, Politics & Government Music, Dance, Drama & Film Philosophy & Religion Physical Sciences & Mathematics Social Sciences Browse Other Ways to Find Articles: Databases | Find Online Articles | Google Scholar Search the UNT Digital Collections Search Jump To: UNT Digital Library | The Portal to Texas History | UNT Scholarly Works Search the UNT Special Collections Search Jump To: Browse Finding Aids | Exhibits | Special Collections Search Subject & Course Guides Search Browse Subjects Browse Courses Search this Website Find information about the libraries, its services, policies, past news, events, exhibits, etc. SearchSearch Most Requested About Borrowing Citations & Styles Course Reserves Dept. Directory Faculty Services FAQs Interlibrary Loan Jobs Locations & Hours Media & Music Online Holds RefWorks | Legacy Renewing Study Rooms Subjects & Courses 24 Commons Account Login, ILL, & Renewals Borrowing & Returning Doing Research Getting Help Locations & Hours Paying Fines People & Departments Media & Music Search Course Reserves Services & Policies Reserve a Study Room (Students) Ask Us Your Questions 940.565.3245 Toggle Dropdown 940.565.3245 : Reference Help 940.565.2413 : Willis 940.369.7200 : Discovery Park 940.565.2194 : Eagle Commons 940.565.2480 : Media 940.565.2606 : Collection Management 940.565.3025 : Administrative Offices Dept. Directory Email Subject Librarians Problems Computers & Technology Facilities Website Other Find a Subject Librarian Study & Create Computers Printing Spaces Home Services Funding Information Network Funding Information Network The Eagle Commons Library (ECL) is a nonprofit information resource center for the University of North Texas community and the broader Denton community. Eagle Commons Library is a Funding Information Network (FIN) partner of the Foundation Center. The Foundation Center is the premier source for information on the nonprofit sector. The ECL provides access to nonprofit-related resources, including the three Foundation Center databases. Services ECL staff coordinate periodic training events and workshops that are free and open to the public. Staff members are available for one-on one or group consultations, during which time we can demonstrate how to use the resources and answer your questions. All of our services and trainings are provided free of charge. To schedule a consultation, e-mail fundinginfo@unt.edu or call the Eagle Commons Library at 940-565-2194. The Eagle Commons Library is open to all users. Databases can be accessed on any computer workstation in the ECL and all ECL workstations are available to anyone. Before you make the trip, please be sure to check our hours; they change seasonally. More information on parking on the UNT campus and navigating to Sycamore Hall is available at http://guides.library.unt.edu/grants. Resources Foundation Directory Online Professional provides grantmaker profiles for over 100,000 foundations, public charities, and corporate giving programs. Profiles for grant recipients are also included in the database. Unlike the publicly available 990 forms, this database can be searched by geographic location of grantmaker or nonprofit program/activities, field of interest, recipient type and location, type of grant award, type of grantmaker, and more. Grantmaker profiles can easily be downloaded or exported by e-mail. This database is extremely useful to nonprofit organizations seeking grants. It can also be utilized by grantmakers to gather information about the state of philanthropy in a given area. (Access to the this database is limited to the Eagle Commons Library premises)      Foundation Grants to Individuals contains grant opportunities that are only available to individuals, primarily for educational support--scholarships, fellowships, loans, internships, and the like. The database also contains grant opportunities for artistic and research projects, professional development, general welfare, and assistance with special needs. (Access to this database is limited to the Eagle Commons Library premises) Foundation Maps is a data visualization platform for philanthropy. Foundation Maps can be used to reveal trends, visualize networks, and monitor changes in the nonprofit sector. Foundation Maps overlays nonprofit sector information on maps and creates charts and graphical representations of philanthropic giving. (Access to this database is limited to the Eagle Commons Library premises) Leadership Library is an index of profile and contact information for decision-makers and organizations in the United States. The database features in-depth individual and organization profiles of the U.S. Congress, federal government, state and local governments, public and private companies, law firms and courts, media outlets, healthcare organizations, and nonprofit organizations. (Remote access to this database is available for UNT community members) ECL has a collection of print books that cover nonprofit topics such as board development, financial management of nonprofits, fundraising, grant writing, volunteer management, program development, program assessment, and more. Circulating books can be checked out to UNT students, staff and faculty, and to community members with a Denton County driver license or identification card.  Services by Category All Borrowing and Delivery Technology and Computing Study Spaces Scholarly and Professional Research and Instruction Other Services Filter by Audience Community Members and Visitors Faculty & Staff Graduate Students Persons with Disabilities Locations & Hours Select Location Willis Library Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media Library Annex Mail University Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 Partnerships The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library. The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center. Contact 940.565.2411 Research Questions Staff Directory Computer & Technology Problems Facilities Problems Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home 