 digital library   tour Digital Library digital library   tour Digital Library digital library   tour Digital Library digital library   tour Digital Library digital library   tour Digital Library digital library   tour Digital Library digital library   tour Digital Library digital library   tour Digital Library digital library   tour Digital Library digital library   tour Digital Library  Digital Library Skip to main content Menu Digital Library Home Tour About Overview Purpose Collaboration Technology Policies Statistics API Help Accessibility Contact Us Explore Overview Collections Partners Titles Locations Resource Types Dates Search Basic Search Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search Digital Library Site Search Options Submit Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search Searching Help Library Websites UNT Digital Library University Libraries Home Library Catalog Article Search Special Collections Finding Aids You Are Here: home tour Take a Tour of the UNT Digital Library Join us on this tour, and get to know some of the features and capabilities of the Digital Library. Please note: You can navigate through each set of examples by clicking on the text links or the sides of the images. Overview Since its creation, the UNT Digital Library has connected millions of users around the world with UNT’s collections, scholarship, and creative work. Whether you're here for a casual look or you want to conduct in-depth research, we have you covered. The UNT Digital Library Search Choose one of the 7 links below to see an example. In the Digital Library your initial search will automatically cover descriptive item records and the full text of printed items. For more complicated queries, use our advanced, guided, or proximity search interfaces. You can also: Limit your search to specific fields in the item records. Filter your results. Display your results as a list. Display your results as a grid. Change how your results are sorted. Need more help with search? Live Search Tour Results Guide Search Features Previous Next Explore Choose one of the 7 examples below to see a corresponding screenshot. Besides searching, we provide a number of ways to browse our content. Here are the different ways for you to start exploring the Digital Library: Overview Collections Partners Locations Types Dates Titles Getting There Explore pages are available from the drop-down menu at the top of any page on the site. Browse: Previous Next Items Learn the who, what, when, and where of items! You can learn all about an item by viewing its descriptive record. All of our item records follow the same basic pattern: each begins with a contextual overview and then presents information in grouped categories, making it easy to find important details. We try to show and link to related items within the Digital Library. Who shows you the creator, the rights holder, and any other important people named in the item. What describes the original item and provides subjects and keywords. When provides dates related to the original item and its maintenance in the Digital Library. Where lists and maps locations related to the content. Overview of Item Previous Next Read, View, Watch, Listen Choose one of the 4 examples linked below to see a corresponding screenshot. You can always find how to use an item by following the prompts. It's easy to: Read text or handwritten items. View photos or maps. Watch films or videos. Listen to audio recordings. Using an Item Previous Next Dig Deeper The 5 examples linked below have corresponding screenshots. Our interface provides special features for some types of items. You can search inside text items that were originally typeset and printed. We will highlight your search terms so you can quickly pinpoint them on the pages. You can see all pages in an item at one time. You can download images in a variety of sizes. For certain items, you can download PDFs. More Interaction Previous Next Cite, Re-use, Share Give credit! When you find that perfect item in the Digital Library that answers a question, connects a bit of information with another, or is simply cool, we try to make it easy for you to: Use our suggested citation. Embed images, video, and audio. Link items on social media. Sharing With the World Previous Next Give Back Participate with us! Now that you know the Digital Library a little better, we encourage you to think about giving back. Tell a friend about us. Provide more information about Digital Library items by submitting feedback. Share your own UNT collection by becoming a Digital Library Partner. If you’re a UNT community member, add your scholarly and creative work to our repository. Ways to Give Back Previous Next Get Started With the Digital Library Congratulations! You have made it through our tour. Click below to start your own Digital Library adventure. Get Started! Get in Touch Questions / Feedback Report Problems Follow Along New Items (RSS) News Additional Resources The Portal to Texas History A gateway to rare, historical, and primary source materials from or about Texas. Gateway to Oklahoma History Historic newspapers digitized from across the Red River. UNT Digital Projects Unit For partners and peer institutions seeking information about standards, project requests, and our services. Research @ The UNT Libraries Links and search tools for all of the collections and resources avaialble from UNT. Get Updates in Your Inbox Get Updates in your Inbox Sign up for our periodic e-mail newsletter, and get news about our collections, new partnerships, information on resesearch, trivia, awards, and more. External Links UNT Libraries Terms Privacy Accessibility State of Texas Online Updated: Friday, May 05, 2017 Back to Top of Screen 