 digital library   about digital library purpose About Purpose Digital Library digital library   about digital library purpose About Purpose Digital Library digital library   about digital library purpose About Purpose Digital Library digital library   about digital library purpose About Purpose Digital Library digital library   about digital library purpose About Purpose Digital Library digital library   about digital library purpose About Purpose Digital Library digital library   about digital library purpose About Purpose Digital Library digital library   about digital library purpose About Purpose Digital Library digital library   about digital library purpose About Purpose Digital Library digital library   about digital library purpose About Purpose Digital Library  About - Purpose - Digital Library Skip to main content Menu Digital Library Home Tour About Overview Purpose Collaboration Technology Policies Statistics API Help Accessibility Contact Us Explore Overview Collections Partners Titles Locations Resource Types Dates Search Basic Search Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search Digital Library Site Search Options Submit Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search Searching Help Library Websites UNT Digital Library University Libraries Home Library Catalog Article Search Special Collections Finding Aids You Are Here: home about Purpose The UNT Digital Library focuses on materials created or held by the UNT community. In accordance with UNT's Open Access Policy, we provide broad access and ensure long-term stewardship and preservation of scholarly output in the UNT Digital Library's Scholarly Works Collection. The Digital Library also houses the UNT Data Repository, a central archive for the research data sets of our UNT scholars. And we present the full run of theses and dissertations created at UNT. The Digital Library further promotes UNT's resources by showcasing UNT departmental collections and official publications. We also take an active role in Internet preservation—collecting and archiving UNT web domains, government websites, and other web content. Our materials are easily found through major Internet search engines, allowing us to support lifelong learners worldwide. About Overview Purpose Collaboration Technology Policies Statistics API Help Accessibility Contact Us Get in Touch Questions / Feedback Report Problems Follow Along New Items (RSS) News Additional Resources The Portal to Texas History A gateway to rare, historical, and primary source materials from or about Texas. Gateway to Oklahoma History Historic newspapers digitized from across the Red River. UNT Digital Projects Unit For partners and peer institutions seeking information about standards, project requests, and our services. Research @ The UNT Libraries Links and search tools for all of the collections and resources avaialble from UNT. Get Updates in Your Inbox Get Updates in your Inbox Sign up for our periodic e-mail newsletter, and get news about our collections, new partnerships, information on resesearch, trivia, awards, and more. External Links UNT Libraries Terms Privacy Accessibility State of Texas Online Updated: Friday, May 05, 2017 Back to Top of Screen 