 digital library   about digital library technology About Technology Digital Library digital library   about digital library technology About Technology Digital Library digital library   about digital library technology About Technology Digital Library digital library   about digital library technology About Technology Digital Library digital library   about digital library technology About Technology Digital Library digital library   about digital library technology About Technology Digital Library digital library   about digital library technology About Technology Digital Library digital library   about digital library technology About Technology Digital Library digital library   about digital library technology About Technology Digital Library digital library   about digital library technology About Technology Digital Library  About - Technology - Digital Library Skip to main content Menu Digital Library Home Tour About Overview Purpose Collaboration Technology Policies Statistics API Help Accessibility Contact Us Explore Overview Collections Partners Titles Locations Resource Types Dates Search Basic Search Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search Digital Library Site Search Options Submit Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search Searching Help Library Websites UNT Digital Library University Libraries Home Library Catalog Article Search Special Collections Finding Aids You Are Here: home about Technology About the Technology The UNT Digital Library infrastructure is implemented with open source components and open, standards-based protocols and formats. We designed the underlying system for the Digital Library with principals of shared nothing, distributed architectures in mind. By allowing the system to continue operation when one component might not work correctly, we ensure that users are still able to get to our content. For all public-facing components of the system, we use the Django Web framework. Django is an open source framework written in the Python programming language. We build back-end services with Python and technologies such as mod_python and web.py; these services exist on a closed network which increases throughput and security in the system. Solr is our full-text indexer of choice in the Digital Library, and most interactions with the system directly or indirectly connect with one of our Solr indexes. Digital objects are represented in the system with the Metadata Encoding and Transmission Standard (METS) which provides a way to describe the structure of complex digital objects. For the descriptive metadata process, we employ a locally qualified version of Dublin Core called UNTL. It is possible for the system to convert this format on the fly to simple Dublin Core and MODS. In the future we hope to support additional machine-readable metadata formats. The files and metadata that comprise digital objects are distributed to several static and metadata server nodes and written to disk using the Pairtree specification. We implement persistent linking and other services in the system with the Archival Resource Key (ARK) specification. Digitization Practices and Tools We use best practices and apply standards to our work to ensure its long term preservation as well as availability on the Internet. Learn more here: Metadata Guidelines Documentation for the qualified Dublin Core metadata we use to describe items in the Digital Library. Scanning Standards Minimum requirements for bit-depth, color space, resolution, scale, and file format. Display Information Toolkit Guidelines and help for creating partner and collection descriptions in the Digital Library. Equipment Details about the scanners and digital cameras we use for imaging. Software Details about various software we use for digitization of items for the Digital Library. Trusted Digital Repository Report of our self-audit of activities and methodologies behind the preservation of and access to content in the UNT Libraries' Digital Collections. About Overview Purpose Collaboration Technology Policies Statistics API Help Accessibility Contact Us Get in Touch Questions / Feedback Report Problems Follow Along New Items (RSS) News Additional Resources The Portal to Texas History A gateway to rare, historical, and primary source materials from or about Texas. Gateway to Oklahoma History Historic newspapers digitized from across the Red River. UNT Digital Projects Unit For partners and peer institutions seeking information about standards, project requests, and our services. Research @ The UNT Libraries Links and search tools for all of the collections and resources avaialble from UNT. Get Updates in Your Inbox Get Updates in your Inbox Sign up for our periodic e-mail newsletter, and get news about our collections, new partnerships, information on resesearch, trivia, awards, and more. External Links UNT Libraries Terms Privacy Accessibility State of Texas Online Updated: Friday, May 05, 2017 Back to Top of Screen 