 giving   alumni Alumni Giving to  giving   alumni Alumni Giving to  giving   alumni Alumni Giving to  giving   alumni Alumni Giving to  giving   alumni Alumni Giving to  giving   alumni Alumni Giving to  giving   alumni Alumni Giving to  giving   alumni Alumni Giving to  giving   alumni Alumni Giving to  giving   alumni Alumni Giving to   Alumni | Giving to UNT Skip to main content Quick LInks MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Search form Search Giving to UNT Main menu Home Why Give Ways to Give Our Supporters Your Trust Giving News Contact Us Update Contact Information You are hereHome » Alumni Information for... Alumni Corporations & Foundations Faculty & Staff Friends Parents & Families Follow Us Alumni When you give to your alma mater you: Sustain and supports people and programs. In an era of declining public funding for higher education, private giving can provide the margins of excellence that distinguish UNT programs from other schools and colleges. Strengthen the value of your degree. Alumni giving is a criterion used in the national rankings of colleges and universities. Your gift publicly demonstrates your pride in the UNT and your investment in its future. As the university's recognition increases, so does the value of your degree. Influence decision-makers. The percentage of alumni gifts can be a persuading factor for those with their eye UNT. Corporations and foundations often use this strategic measure when determining grant funding and awards. Prospective students and parents use it as a predictor of school spirit and alumni enthusiasm, and other donors often consider it when making philanthropic decisions. Resources for alumni: The North Texan alumni magazine UNT Alumni Association UNT Career Center Alumni Network Student Alumni Association Contact Information Contact Information University of North Texas Division of Advancement 1155 Union Circle #311250 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Phone: (940) 565-2900 Toll Free: (800) 868-1153 TTY: (940) 369-8652 Email Us Email Us For questions about content in this web site, contact advancement@unt.edu. UNT System UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System   