 digital library   about digital library contact About Contact Us Digital Library digital library   about digital library contact About Contact Us Digital Library digital library   about digital library contact About Contact Us Digital Library digital library   about digital library contact About Contact Us Digital Library digital library   about digital library contact About Contact Us Digital Library digital library   about digital library contact About Contact Us Digital Library digital library   about digital library contact About Contact Us Digital Library digital library   about digital library contact About Contact Us Digital Library digital library   about digital library contact About Contact Us Digital Library digital library   about digital library contact About Contact Us Digital Library  About - Contact Us - Digital Library Skip to main content Menu Digital Library Home Tour About Overview Purpose Collaboration Technology Policies Statistics API Help Accessibility Contact Us Explore Overview Collections Partners Titles Locations Resource Types Dates Search Basic Search Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search Digital Library Site Search Options Submit Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search Searching Help Library Websites UNT Digital Library University Libraries Home Library Catalog Article Search Special Collections Finding Aids You Are Here: home about Contact Us Digital Library Users Ask questions, leave comments, or report technical problems by using our Feedback Form. Digital Library Partners Consult your Digital Library Contact: Scholarly Works Repository Submissions Pamela Andrews Repository Librarian untrepository@unt.edu (940) 891-6703 All Other Inquiries Mark Phillips Associate Dean for Digital Libraries mark.phillips@unt.edu Addresses The UNT Digital Library is administered by the Digital Libraries Division at the University of North Texas Libraries in Denton, Texas. Mailing Digital Projects Unit University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Shipping Digital Projects Unit University of North Texas Willis Library 1506 W Highland St Denton, TX 76203-5002 In-Person Deliveries Scholarly Works Repository Submissions Digital Curation Unit University of North Texas Willis Library, Room 326 See a floor plan. | See a campus map. All Other Projects Digital Projects Lab University of North Texas Willis Library, Room 370 See a floor plan. | See a campus map. Loading Dock Our loading dock is located at the northwest corner of the Willis Library, adjacent to room 141. To reach the loading dock, go to the intersection of Chestnut Street and Avenue C. Pull up to the parking booth, and tell the attendant you're going to the Willis Library loading dock. From the parking booth, proceed east, and use the third driveway to enter the parking lot on your right. Drive through the parking lot until you see a very long, curving driveway in front of you. Take that curving driveway down to the loading dock behind the Willis Library. If you end up above the rock garden, you made a wrong turn. See a floor plan. | See a campus map. Numbers Phone Scholarly Works (940) 891-6703 Digital Library (940) 565-2415 Fax (940) 369-8882 TTY (940) 369-8652 About Overview Purpose Collaboration Technology Policies Statistics API Help Accessibility Contact Us Get in Touch Questions / Feedback Report Problems Follow Along New Items (RSS) News Additional Resources The Portal to Texas History A gateway to rare, historical, and primary source materials from or about Texas. Gateway to Oklahoma History Historic newspapers digitized from across the Red River. UNT Digital Projects Unit For partners and peer institutions seeking information about standards, project requests, and our services. Research @ The UNT Libraries Links and search tools for all of the collections and resources avaialble from UNT. Get Updates in Your Inbox Get Updates in your Inbox Sign up for our periodic e-mail newsletter, and get news about our collections, new partnerships, information on resesearch, trivia, awards, and more. External Links UNT Libraries Terms Privacy Accessibility State of Texas Online Updated: Friday, May 05, 2017 Back to Top of Screen 