 digital library   explore partners Partners Digital Library digital library   explore partners Partners Digital Library digital library   explore partners Partners Digital Library digital library   explore partners Partners Digital Library digital library   explore partners Partners Digital Library digital library   explore partners Partners Digital Library digital library   explore partners Partners Digital Library digital library   explore partners Partners Digital Library digital library   explore partners Partners Digital Library digital library   explore partners Partners Digital Library  Partners - Digital Library Skip to main content Menu Digital Library Home Tour About Overview Purpose Collaboration Technology Policies Statistics API Help Accessibility Contact Us Explore Overview Collections Partners Titles Locations Resource Types Dates Search Basic Search Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search Digital Library Site Search Options Submit Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search Searching Help Library Websites UNT Digital Library University Libraries Home Library Catalog Article Search Special Collections Finding Aids You Are Here: home explore partners Partners ALL A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Filter Partners The list of partners below will update as you type. Newest Partner 31 Partners Contribute Feed Featuring: UNT Music Library The UNT Music Library - one of the largest academic music collections in the United States - contains over 400,000 volumes of books, periodicals, scores, dissertations, and reference works in many languages, as well as nearly 900,000 sound recordings in a variety of formats, including cylinders, reel-to-reel tapes, 45/33/78rpm records, compact discs, and digital tape recordings. The Music Library is also home to many rare books and scores and other special collections. Joined: December 2009. About Browse Partners Matching Digital Scholarship Cooperative (DiSCo) A partnership between the UNT Libraries and the UNT College of Arts and Sciences, DiSCo fosters the creative use of digital resources in research, teaching, and learning across the disciplines. The Co-Op supports faculty, staff, and students by facilitating access to centers of excellence in technology, offering hands-on workshops in digital tools and software, and providing a sandbox for field testing new technology. Joined: May 2013. 1367466077 About Browse NEW Elm Fork Natural Heritage Museum The Elm Fork Natural Heritage Museum furnishes opportunities to discover and share knowledge about plants, animals, and their environment. The museum provides resources to trained scientists as well as to citizen scientists of all ages and backgrounds to explore natural history and especially to inspire in the young a lifelong interest in nature. Joined: June 2011. 1308080167 About Browse NEW Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science The Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science (TAMS) is a unique residential program for high school-aged Texas students who are high achievers and interested in mathematics and science. Joined: March 2015. 1425308907 About Browse NEW University Relations, Communicatons & Marketing for UNT The award-winning Division of University Relations, Communications and Marketing (URCM) is the chief communications and marketing organization for the University of North Texas. The division enhances and protects UNT's institutional reputation; grows and strengthens the university's brand; encourages community engagement; and reinforces the university's relevance in the lives of key target audiences, Joined: December 2010. 1291743941 About Browse NEW UNT Center for Economic Development and Research The UNT Center for Economic Development and Research performs economic analysis and public policy research, providing forecasting and strategic planning services to businesses, governments, and non-profit organizations. Joined: February 2011. 1298596293 About Browse NEW UNT Center for Environmental Philosophy Located at UNT since 1990, the Center for Environmental Philosophy promotes research and graduate education in the field of environmental ethics, houses the Environmental Justice Project, publishes the journal Environmental Ethics, and reprints important works through the book series Environmental Ethics Books. Joined: November 2011. 1320902621 About Browse NEW UNT Center for Psychosocial Health Research The Center for Psychosocial Health Research is a multidisciplinary group that draws upon anthropology, behavioral medicine, education, psychology, public health, and sociology to pioneer research on psychosocial phenomena involved in healthy living. In addition to pursuing basic research on wellness within a chronic illness context, the Center provides psychoeducational services to communities in the DFW area and comprehensive learning experiences for students. Joined: October 2016. 1477100522 About Browse NEW UNT College of Arts and Sciences The UNT College of Arts and Sciences educates students in traditional liberal arts, performing arts, sciences, professional, and technical academic programs. In addition to its departments, the college includes academic centers, institutes, programs, and offices providing diverse courses of study. Joined: February 2011. 1298595626 About Browse NEW UNT College of Business One of the largest business schools in the nation, the UNT College of Business strives to prepare tomorrow's business leaders in an intellectually stimulating and collegial community through high-quality teaching, research, and service. The college offers degree programs at the bachelor's, master's, and doctoral levels, along with certificate programs in a variety of disciplines. Joined: November 2011. 1320975179 About Browse NEW UNT College of Education The UNT College of Education prepares leaders in the education and human service spheres of public, private, and corporate institutions. The UNT College of Education promotes faculty and student research and strives to encourage improvements in education and the promotion of health and human development. Joined: February 2011. 1298595884 About Browse NEW UNT College of Engineering The UNT College of Engineering promotes intellectual and scholarly pursuits in the areas of computer science and engineering, preparing innovative leaders in a variety of disciplines. The UNT College of Engineering encourages faculty and students to pursue interdisciplinary research among numerous subjects of study including databases, numerical analysis, game programming, and computer systems architecture. Joined: February 2011. 1298596468 About Browse NEW UNT College of Information The UNT College of Information educates students and advances domains of knowledge in information science, library science, computing and technology systems, learning and cognition, and human performance. Joined: December 2009. 1261254310 About Browse NEW UNT College of Merchandising, Hospitality and Tourism The UNT College of Merchandising, Hospitality, and Tourism educates students for the globalization of the hospitality, retail, and tourism industries. The College provides bachelor's and master's programs in a variety of majors. Joined: May 2013. 1367468180 About Browse NEW UNT College of Music One of the nation's largest music schools, the UNT College of Music provides a dynamic learning environment for both future professionals and the broader university community. The College of Music offers instruction in the areas of composition studies; conducting and ensembles; instrumental studies; jazz studies; keyboard studies; music education; music history, theory, and ethnomusicology; and vocal studies. With more than fifty performing ensemble groups, a full schedule of student recitals, and frequent visits by guest artists, the college brings music lovers nearly a thousand concert events each year. Joined: November 2011. 1320978535 About Browse NEW UNT College of Public Affairs and Community Service The UNT College of Public Affairs and Community Service works to improve the quality of life in local and global communities through education and community outreach programs, preparing students for vital roles in business, social services, and government positions that address important social issues including aging, disability, and health disparity. Joined: February 2011. 1298596585 About Browse NEW UNT College of Visual Arts + Design The UNT College of Visual Arts + Design (CVAD) seeks to engage UNT's diverse student population with issues of artistic heritage, stimulate students' imagination and involvement with the world, foster their critical and analytical thinking, and inspire their creativity through educational opportunities in art education, art history, design, and studio arts, all supported by a vital program of creative research. Joined: December 2009. 1261255286 About Browse NEW UNT Dallas The University of North Texas at Dallas (UNT Dallas) seeks to enhance access to high quality education and to prepare students to become exemplary citizens who can assume leadership positions in a global environment. The University offers coursework in business and public leadership, liberal arts and life sciences, and education and human services. Undergraduate, graduate, and certificate programs are available. Joined: May 2013. 1367543170 About Browse NEW UNT Dallas College of Law The University of North Texas (UNT) Dallas College of Law is a public law school located in Dallas, Texas that combines best practices with an emphasis on learning by doing. The UNT Dallas College of Law has five goals: (1) provide access, preparation, value, innovation, and community; (2) widen access to legal education for qualifying students who lack realistic access to legal education because of cost or location; (3) provide a legal education aimed at excellence in developing the full range of practice-related competencies; (4) create new opportunities through affordable education that produces practice ready graduates; and (5) lead in best legal education practices. Joined: January 2014. 1390353975 About Browse NEW UNT Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism The UNT Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism has been a major provider of professionals and academics for all forms of media, profit and non-profit communication organizations since 1945. Organized into two departments, the school offers both undergraduate and graduate degrees. Alumni of the School have achieved many awards--including a number of Pulitzer Prizes. Joined: May 2013. 1367469802 About Browse NEW UNT Honors College The UNT Honors College offers students a broad-based, liberal education that helps them build an excellent intellectual and academic foundation. The College offers its members many benefits, including challenging classes, training in research methods and skills, eligibility to live in Honors Hall, and a supportive social and academic environment. Joined: May 2013. 1367544299 About Browse NEW UNT Institute of Applied Science The mission of the Institute of Applied Science (IAS) is to foster, facilitate and conduct science-based interdisciplinary environmental research that seeks to understand how human actions impact the environment, and to use that knowledge to suggest scientific, engineering, policy and/or educational solutions to environmental problems. Closely affiliated with 10 other campus departments, the IAS conducts research on issues surrounding air; climate change; ecosystems and conservation; health; land, waste and cleanup; pharmaceuticals and pesticides; and water. The IAS also provides science education and outreach. Joined: May 2013. 1367547382 About Browse NEW UNT Libraries Library facilities at the University of North Texas function as the nerve center for teaching and academic research. In addition to a major collection of electronic journals, books and databases, five campus facilities house just under six million cataloged holdings, including books, periodicals, maps, documents, microforms, audiovisual materials, music scores, full-text journals and books. A branch library is located at the University of North Texas Dallas Campus. Joined: March 2009. 1238468254 About Browse NEW UNT Libraries Digital Projects Unit The Digital Projects Unit supports the UNT Libraries with guidance and digital services including imaging, archival storage of electronic files, metadata development, and other activities as needed. Joined: March 2015. 1425315846 About Browse NEW UNT Libraries Government Documents Department Serving as both a federal and a state depository library, the UNT Libraries Government Documents Department maintains a collection of over 1 million items in a variety of formats including print, microform, audiovisual, maps, posters, musical scores, LPs, CD-ROMs, and Web documents. The department is a member of the FDLP Content Partnerships Program and an Affiliated Archive of the National Archives. Joined: December 2009. 1261257033 About Browse NEW UNT Libraries Rare Book and Texana Collections The UNT Libraries Rare Book and Texana Collections house and provide access to more than 20,000 rare and unusual items including scrolls, books, posters, maps, artwork, artifacts, games, photographs, Texana, and more. The staff of the Rare Book Room does preservation and conservation work and digitizes rare items to make them freely available to the world via the Internet. Joined: December 2009. 1261259457 About Browse NEW UNT Libraries Special Collections The Special Collections department collects and preserves rare and unique materials including rare books, oral histories, university archives, historical manuscripts, maps, microfilm, photographs, art and artifacts. Students, faculty and the public are welcome to access collections and view special exhibits in the fourth floor Reading Room. Joined: December 2009. 1261178777 About Browse NEW UNT Media Library The Media Library contains the UNT Libraries' nonprint, audiovisual collections. The mission of the UNT Media Library is to support the instructional and research needs of UNT faculty, staff, and students by collecting, maintaining, and providing access to media materials that represent all academic disciplines and all genres of film. Joined: December 2009. 1261260108 About Browse NEW UNT Music Library The UNT Music Library - one of the largest academic music collections in the United States - contains over 400,000 volumes of books, periodicals, scores, dissertations, and reference works in many languages, as well as nearly 900,000 sound recordings in a variety of formats, including cylinders, reel-to-reel tapes, 45/33/78rpm records, compact discs, and digital tape recordings. The Music Library is also home to many rare books and scores and other special collections. Joined: December 2009. 1261263487 About Browse NEW UNT Office of Sustainability The mission of UNT Sustainability is to collaborate with the UNT family and its partners to generate cohesion, provide information and support, and encourage behavior change to address environmental, economic, and social challenges. UNT Sustainability contributes lesson plans for students in grades K through 8th. Joined: March 2015. 1425316290 About Browse NEW UNT Oral History Program Affiliated with the UNT Department of History, the Oral History Program records, transcribes, and archives oral history interviews in order to preserve the history of the North Texas region. The program also trains UNT students in the theory and methods of oral history, conducts workshops for members of the larger community, and maintains partnerships with a variety of related institutions and organizations. Joined: November 2011. 1320981358 About Browse NEW UNT Press The University of North Texas Press was founded in 1987 and published its first book in 1989. Though it is the newest university press in North Texas, it has quickly become a leading press with the most titles in print (more than 300) and published (15 to 18 each year). The UNT Press is a fully accredited member of the Association of American University Presses. Its books are distributed and marketed nationally and internationally through the Texas A&M University Press Consortium. Joined: December 2009. 1261071771 About Browse NEW No partners match your search terms. Explore Overview Collections Partners Titles Locations Types Dates Get in Touch Questions / Feedback Report Problems Follow Along New Items (RSS) News Additional Resources The Portal to Texas History A gateway to rare, historical, and primary source materials from or about Texas. Gateway to Oklahoma History Historic newspapers digitized from across the Red River. UNT Digital Projects Unit For partners and peer institutions seeking information about standards, project requests, and our services. Research @ The UNT Libraries Links and search tools for all of the collections and resources avaialble from UNT. Get Updates in Your Inbox Get Updates in your Inbox Sign up for our periodic e-mail newsletter, and get news about our collections, new partnerships, information on resesearch, trivia, awards, and more. External Links UNT Libraries Terms Privacy Accessibility State of Texas Online Updated: Friday, May 05, 2017 Back to Top of Screen 