 digital library   search proximity search Proximity Search Digital Library digital library   search proximity search Proximity Search Digital Library digital library   search proximity search Proximity Search Digital Library digital library   search proximity search Proximity Search Digital Library digital library   search proximity search Proximity Search Digital Library digital library   search proximity search Proximity Search Digital Library digital library   search proximity search Proximity Search Digital Library digital library   search proximity search Proximity Search Digital Library digital library   search proximity search Proximity Search Digital Library digital library   search proximity search Proximity Search Digital Library  Proximity Search: Digital Library Skip to main content Menu Digital Library Home Tour About Overview Purpose Collaboration Technology Policies Statistics API Help Accessibility Contact Us Explore Overview Collections Partners Titles Locations Resource Types Dates Search Basic Search Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search Digital Library Site Search Options Submit Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search Searching Help Library Websites UNT Digital Library University Libraries Home Library Catalog Article Search Special Collections Finding Aids You Are Here: home proximity search Basic Search Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search Search for Terms in Proximity to One Another Proximity searching allows you to find words that are close together without having to know the exact phrase they appear in. Use all three fields below to conduct your search. 1. Search Terms: 2. Within: how many words of one another 1} 2} 3} 4} 5} 6} 7} 8} 9} 10} 11} 12} 13} 14} 15} 16} 17} 18} 19} 20} 21} 22} 23} 24} 25} 3. Limited to: Full Text of Item Title Description Creator or Contributor Creator Contributor Publisher Place Name Sort Results Choose the order in which you want your results to appear. Best Match Title Creator Date Created (Newest) Date Created (Oldest) Date Added (Newest) Date Added (Oldest) Search Search Tips This form allows you to control how close search terms are to each another. You must set all 3 values. This search supports proximity between individual words you enter in the search terms field. It does not support explicit phrases surrounded by quotation marks, operators, or Boolean logic. Example Search Terms: Chief Officer If you choose Within One Word: The Words "chief" and "officer" must be a maximum of one position away from each other. Finds documents with phrases like: chief officer - 0 words between chief petty officer - 1 word between Will not return documents containing phrases like: chief of police and his officer - 4 words between Search Get in Touch Questions / Feedback Report Problems Follow Along New Items (RSS) News Additional Resources The Portal to Texas History A gateway to rare, historical, and primary source materials from or about Texas. Gateway to Oklahoma History Historic newspapers digitized from across the Red River. UNT Digital Projects Unit For partners and peer institutions seeking information about standards, project requests, and our services. Research @ The UNT Libraries Links and search tools for all of the collections and resources avaialble from UNT. Get Updates in Your Inbox Get Updates in your Inbox Sign up for our periodic e-mail newsletter, and get news about our collections, new partnerships, information on resesearch, trivia, awards, and more. External Links UNT Libraries Terms Privacy Accessibility State of Texas Online Updated: Friday, May 05, 2017 Back to Top of Screen 