 digital library   explore collections gdcc CyberCemetery Digital Library digital library   explore collections gdcc CyberCemetery Digital Library digital library   explore collections gdcc CyberCemetery Digital Library digital library   explore collections gdcc CyberCemetery Digital Library digital library   explore collections gdcc CyberCemetery Digital Library digital library   explore collections gdcc CyberCemetery Digital Library digital library   explore collections gdcc CyberCemetery Digital Library digital library   explore collections gdcc CyberCemetery Digital Library digital library   explore collections gdcc CyberCemetery Digital Library digital library   explore collections gdcc CyberCemetery Digital Library  CyberCemetery - Digital Library Skip to main content Menu Digital Library Home Tour About Overview Purpose Collaboration Technology Policies Statistics API Help Accessibility Contact Us Explore Overview Collections Partners Titles Locations Resource Types Dates Search Basic Search Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search Digital Library Site Search Options Submit Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search Searching Help Library Websites UNT Digital Library University Libraries Home Library Catalog Article Search Special Collections Finding Aids You Are Here: home explore collections cybercemetery CyberCemetery About This Collection The CyberCemetery is an archive of government web sites that have ceased operation (usually web sites of defunct government agencies and commissions that have issued a final report). This collection features a variety of topics indicative of the broad nature of government information. In particular, this collection features web sites that cover topics supporting the university's curriculum and particular program strengths. Background Foreseeing the potential preservation problems created by federal agencies' ventures into electronic publishing, UNT became the second depository library in the nation to join the Federal Depository Library Program Content Partnerships Program. This program attempts to ensure permanent public access to electronic federal information. As a participant, the UNT Libraries, part of the Federal Depository Library Program (FDLP), were designated the host of the permanent online collection of the defunct Advisory Commission on Intergovernmental Relations (ACIR). We've since expanded our Content Partnership with the federal government to include dozens of other defunct federal agency web sites. This electronic repository is popularly known as the CyberCemetery. In recognition of our work in this area, the UNT Libraries were designated an Affiliated Archives of the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) in 2006. Under this ... READ MORE ABOUT BROWSE FEED STATS API SHARE Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Tumblr Reddit Search Terms: Any Type Filter Popular Resource Types Thesis or Dissertation Reports Photos, Maps, and other Images Sound Recordings All Resource Types Everything (Default) Texts Websites Search At a Glance Basic statistics about this collection. 104 Items 2 Types 2 Partners 3 Decades 1 Language 3 Counties 7 States 4 Countries 17,723 Usage 7 years, 4 months ago Collection Created 3 months, 3 weeks ago Last Updated Latest Additions VIEW ALL Description About This Collection The CyberCemetery is an archive of government web sites that have ceased operation (usually web sites of defunct government agencies and commissions that have issued a final report). This collection features a variety of topics indicative of the broad nature of government information. In particular, this collection features web sites that cover topics supporting the university's curriculum and particular program strengths. Background Foreseeing the potential preservation problems created by federal agencies' ventures into electronic publishing, UNT became the second depository library in the nation to join the Federal Depository Library Program Content Partnerships Program. This program attempts to ensure permanent public access to electronic federal information. As a participant, the UNT Libraries, part of the Federal Depository Library Program (FDLP), were designated the host of the permanent online collection of the defunct Advisory Commission on Intergovernmental Relations (ACIR). We've since expanded our Content Partnership with the federal government to include dozens of other defunct federal agency web sites. This electronic repository is popularly known as the CyberCemetery. In recognition of our work in this area, the UNT Libraries were designated an Affiliated Archives of the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) in 2006. Under this agreement, the UNT Libraries will continue to preserve and provide access to the records of defunct government web sites, while the NARA will legally accession the records as part of the Archives of the United States and will join the UNT Libraries and the Government Printing Office (GPO) in ensuring the preservation of these valuable records. We are currently the only non-military educational institution to be designated an Affiliated Archives. Source: Kelly, Melody Specht. Our History: Celebrating 60 Years of Public Service. Accessed March 31, 2010. How to Get Your Website in the CyberCemetery If your agency or commission is closing, you can make sure that your website's information is preserved. For more information, see our CyberCemetery FAQs. Explore this Collection Start browsing through the holdings of this collection in one of the following ways: Partners UNT Libraries Government Documents Department 96 96 UNT Libraries Digital Projects Unit 8 8 Resource Types Website 103 103 Text 1 1 Language English 104 104 Decades 2010-2019 26 26 2000-2009 61 61 1990-1999 17 17 Countries United States 104 104 Canada 3 3 Iraq 2 2 Afghanistan 1 1 States a-z count Texas 3 3 Virginia 3 3 Alabama 2 2 Florida 2 2 Louisiana 2 2 Mississippi 2 2 Colorado 1 1 Counties Arlington County, VA 1 1 Boulder County, CO 1 1 Fairfax County, VA 1 1 Contact Us Corrections & Problems Questions Explore Overview Collections Partners Titles Locations Types Dates Get in Touch Questions / Feedback Report Problems Follow Along New Items (RSS) News Additional Resources The Portal to Texas History A gateway to rare, historical, and primary source materials from or about Texas. Gateway to Oklahoma History Historic newspapers digitized from across the Red River. UNT Digital Projects Unit For partners and peer institutions seeking information about standards, project requests, and our services. Research @ The UNT Libraries Links and search tools for all of the collections and resources avaialble from UNT. Get Updates in Your Inbox Get Updates in your Inbox Sign up for our periodic e-mail newsletter, and get news about our collections, new partnerships, information on resesearch, trivia, awards, and more. External Links UNT Libraries Terms Privacy Accessibility State of Texas Online Updated: Friday, May 05, 2017 Back to Top of Screen 