 giving   faculty and staff Faculty and Staff Giving to  giving   faculty and staff Faculty and Staff Giving to  giving   faculty and staff Faculty and Staff Giving to  giving   faculty and staff Faculty and Staff Giving to  giving   faculty and staff Faculty and Staff Giving to  giving   faculty and staff Faculty and Staff Giving to  giving   faculty and staff Faculty and Staff Giving to  giving   faculty and staff Faculty and Staff Giving to  giving   faculty and staff Faculty and Staff Giving to  giving   faculty and staff Faculty and Staff Giving to   Faculty and Staff | Giving to UNT Skip to main content Quick LInks MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Search form Search Giving to UNT Main menu Home Why Give Ways to Give Our Supporters Your Trust Giving News Contact Us Update Contact Information You are hereHome » Faculty and Staff Information for... Alumni Corporations & Foundations Faculty & Staff Friends Parents & Families Follow Us Faculty and Staff       UNT’s faculty and staff are committed to our students, our programs and to each other. We understand firsthand how gifts to our campus transform. In 2016, our support through the university’s annual We Care We Count Faculty and Staff Giving Campaign brought together 720 donors, campus-wide—the most in university history (so far). This year, We Care We Count 2017 starts April 1 and runs through May 5. Once again, weekly drawings will occur throughout the campaign and anyone who donates will automatically be entered to win. Additionally, donors who give $25.00 or more will receive an exclusive 2017 WCWC T-shirt, designed by UNT junior advertising major, Delaun Anderson.   We make a world of difference in the lives of our students with our donations. To join us and make your gift, use the forms found in the We Care We Count packet (to be delivered the last week in March via intercampus envelope), donate online or download the gift form below.   Gifts from faculty/staff and retirees help the university further its mission. These charitable contributions remind us all that every gift, in any amount, helps UNT accomplish great things. They are a testament to the caring and supportive nature of our campus that goes above and beyond the call of duty. Every day we care, and every day we count. This year, let’s show that we continue to care, and we continue to count. We Care We Count Forms and Resources: 2017 Invitation Letter 2017 Giving Form 2017 Payroll Deduction Cancellation Form We Care We Count FAQs Please note: This year, all payments toward Mean Green Club payroll deductions will begin on September 1, 2017. Membership benefits will then take effect in the fall of 2018. For more information, contact wecarewecount@unt.edu or (940) 369-5448. Contact Information Contact Information University of North Texas Division of Advancement 1155 Union Circle #311250 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Phone: (940) 565-2900 Toll Free: (800) 868-1153 TTY: (940) 369-8652 Email Us Email Us For questions about content in this web site, contact advancement@unt.edu. UNT System UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System   