 news   News  news   News  news   News  news   News  news   News  news   News  news   News  news   News  news   News  news   News   News| University of North Texas Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT News News by TopicArts & Music Business Education Engineering General News Humanities Public Service Research Science Social Science TAMS Image Gallery Video Gallery Our Experts Contact Us Send your stories UNT computer science: 45 years of changing lives and technology Latest News Logistics entrepreneur launches UNT fundraising challenge A big fundraising challenge is underway for the University of North Texas logistics program thanks to William “Bill” LaMothe, PGL chairman of the board. UNT to hold Monstrous Women in Comics conference The conference will focus on female characters in comics who are branded as monsters, even if they're not evil villains. Google, Facebook, Amazon headquarters give UNT students peek at digital operations A “dream trip” hosted through the University of North Texas is giving students the chance to experience major retail and digital operations up close. UNT doctoral student awarded $20,000 fellowship University of North Texas doctoral student Ana Guadalupe Reyes has been selected for a $20,000 fellowship from the National Board for Certified Counselors. Reyes is a doctoral student in the College of Education counseling program specializing in equine-assisted psychotherapy and LGBTQ+ issues. UNT College of Music jazz students win five ‘DownBeat’ Student Music Awards Jazz students, faculty and ensembles from the University of North Texas College of Music have been honored by the national jazz and blues magazine “DownBeat”with a total of five student music and outstanding performance awards. The awards, considered the most prestigious in jazz education, will be announced in the June issue of the magazine. UNT College of Music names Undergraduate Presser Scholar Maggie Ng, an oboe music performance student from Plano, has been named the University of North Texas College of Music’s 2017-18 Presser Scholar and recipient of a $4,000 Presser scholarship. See all news » Featured Experts Political scientists available to discuss Trump's first 100 days in office The first 100 days of Donald Trump's presidency end this Saturday, April 29. UNT emergency management faculty will discuss people's attention to storm warnings As the spring storm season continues, two faculty in UNT's Department of Emergency Management and Disaster Science share their thoughts on why people may not take shelter during warnings. See all experts » Videos UNT Music Entrepreneurship Competition Promo UNT student researches Texas bumblebee populations UNT Ph.D. candidate Jessica Beckham has spent years researching Texas bumblebee populations and observing how urban green spaces and community gardens are preserving different species. Julie Leventhal on Valentine's Day See all videos » Follow us Visit Us University Service Building 2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2000 news_service@unt.edu Site last updated on May 9, 2017 Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home 