  library   node 1878 Laptops for Checkout  Libraries  library   node 1878 Laptops for Checkout  Libraries  library   node 1878 Laptops for Checkout  Libraries  library   node 1878 Laptops for Checkout  Libraries  library   node 1878 Laptops for Checkout  Libraries  library   node 1878 Laptops for Checkout  Libraries  library   node 1878 Laptops for Checkout  Libraries  library   node 1878 Laptops for Checkout  Libraries  library   node 1878 Laptops for Checkout  Libraries  library   node 1878 Laptops for Checkout  Libraries  Laptops for Checkout | University of North Texas Libraries Skip to main content Services for Persons with Disabilities Information for... Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors Persons with Disabilities UNT Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Other Library Sites UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History Finding Aids Exhibits Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website University Libraries UNT Libraries Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website MENU Home Research Services About Help News & Events Find Ask Us Accounts Login Start Your Research Search it All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections UNT Special Collections Subject & Course Guides This Website Not Sure Where to Start? Enter your search terms and we'll grab results from multiple systems for you at once. Search Search Many Sources for Articles: Search Peer-Reviewed Only Full-text Available Online. Advanced Search Other Ways to Find Articles: Journal Title | In a Database | e-Journals | Google Scholar Search the Catalog Search Keyword Title Journal Title Author Subject LC Call No. Dewey Call No. Other Call No. All Collections Media Library Music Library Discovery Park Library Electronic Resources Government Documents Special Collections The Factory (Makerspace) UNT Dallas Law Library More Catalog Options: Advanced Search | Music | Media | E-Books Search for a Database Search or... Go Directly to: or... Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z or... Browse Subjects: Browse by Subject Accounting Agriculture and Veterinary Science American Indian and International Indigenous Studies Anthropology Archeology Architecture Art and Artists Art History Art Iconography and Symbolism Astronomy Autism Behavior Analysis Biography Biology Business Chemical Engineering Chemistry Communication Studies Company and Industry Research Computer Science and Engineering Construction Engineering Technology Creative Writing Criminal Justice Current Events Dance Data and Statistics Dictionaries, Directories and Encyclopedias Economics Education Educational Counseling Electrical Engineering Emergency Administration and Planning Engineering Engineering Technology English Language and Literature Environmental Sciences Ethnic studies Fashion Design Finance Forensic Science Genealogy General and Interdisciplinary Geography (Human) Geography (Physical) Geology Gerontology Government Grants History Hospitality and Tourism Management Human Resources Management Humanities Information Technology and Decision Sciences International Studies Interior Design Jewish Studies Journalism Kinesiology Latin American Studies Law and Legislation Learning Technologies LGBT Library and Information Sciences Linguistics Marketing and Advertising Materials Science and Engineering Mathematics and Statistical Methods Mechanical and Energy Engineering Medicine and Health Merchandising and Digital Retailing Military Studies Music Newspapers Philosophy Photography Physics Political science Psychology Public Administration Radio, Television and Film Recreation and Leisure Studies Reference Rehabilitation Studies Religion Sciences Social Sciences Social Work Sociology Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology Studio Art Technical Writing Theater Transportation and Aviation Logistics Women Studies/Gender World Languages, Literatures, & Cultures Browse Frequently Used: Academic Search Complete | EBSCOhost | JSTOR | Lexis Nexis Academic | ScienceDirect | Web of Knowledge Search for an e-Journal Search Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Numbers & Dates | Non-Roman Characters Browse Subjects: Art, Architecture & Applied Arts Business & Economics Earth & Environmental Sciences Engineering & Applied Sciences General Health & Biological Sciences History & Archaeology Journalism & Communications Languages & Literatures Law, Politics & Government Music, Dance, Drama & Film Philosophy & Religion Physical Sciences & Mathematics Social Sciences Browse Other Ways to Find Articles: Databases | Find Online Articles | Google Scholar Search the UNT Digital Collections Search Jump To: UNT Digital Library | The Portal to Texas History | UNT Scholarly Works Search the UNT Special Collections Search Jump To: Browse Finding Aids | Exhibits | Special Collections Search Subject & Course Guides Search Browse Subjects Browse Courses Search this Website Find information about the libraries, its services, policies, past news, events, exhibits, etc. SearchSearch Most Requested About Borrowing Citations & Styles Course Reserves Dept. Directory Faculty Services FAQs Interlibrary Loan Jobs Locations & Hours Media & Music Online Holds RefWorks | Legacy Renewing Study Rooms Subjects & Courses 24 Commons Account Login, ILL, & Renewals Borrowing & Returning Doing Research Getting Help Locations & Hours Paying Fines People & Departments Media & Music Search Course Reserves Services & Policies Reserve a Study Room (Students) Ask Us Your Questions 940.565.3245 Toggle Dropdown 940.565.3245 : Reference Help 940.565.2413 : Willis 940.369.7200 : Discovery Park 940.565.2194 : Eagle Commons 940.565.2480 : Media 940.565.2606 : Collection Management 940.565.3025 : Administrative Offices Dept. Directory Email Subject Librarians Problems Computers & Technology Facilities Website Other Find a Subject Librarian Study & Create Computers Printing Spaces Home Services Laptops for Checkout Laptops for Checkout Location of Laptops for Checkout Willis Library: 24 Commons, First Floor Discovery Park: ​Library Service Desk, Room B112 Eagle Commons Library: Library Service Desk, First Floor Types of Laptops Available for Checkout Dell PC - at all locations MacBook - at Willis Library only Checkout information See: Borrowing Reserves & Laptops for loan periods, fines rates, etc. Overdue/Damage Charges See: Miscellaneous Charges Related to Laptops Additional Guidelines and Reminders SAVE YOUR WORK! Documents saved to the hard drive will be deleted when the computer is powered off. Do not sync your iPod or other MP3 players with iTunes. You might lose information as the laptops have DeepFreeze on them which will erase anything saved to the hard drive. The Libraries are not responsible for the loss of or damage to a user’s file during the loan period. The Libraries are not responsible for any computer viruses that may be transferred to, or from, a user’s diskettes. The Libraries or UNT cannot be held responsible for any information (credit card numbers, social security numbers, etc.) that is compromised through the wireless network. Only one laptop per person may be checked out at a time. The laptop is your responsibility while it is checked out to you. Never leave the laptop unattended. Laptop borrowers are expected to consider others using the UNT Libraries. Audio files can ONLY be played when using headphones. There are no exceptions. Return the laptop to the appropriate desk if you experience any computer malfunctions. Printing See: Photocopies, Scanning, Printing Saving Your Work Do not save any files to the laptops hard drive. They will be erased when the laptop is turned off. Files can be saved to a CD/DVD or USB Storage Device. Files can also be e-mailed or saved to your UNT Student Storage Space on the UNT Network. Once the computer is shut down, any files saved on the hard drive will be erased. Technical Assistance Library staff does not provide technical or software support for users except for supplying and recharging batteries. If you experience problems with your borrowed laptop, please return it to the appropriate desk immediately. You will be given another laptop, if available. Technical Support and Software Application questions may be directed to the Libraries’ Help Desk, or (940) 565-3024. The Help Desk is staffed 8:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. Monday through Friday and 10:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. Saturday and Sunday. Applications Available on the Laptops Dell PC Laptops Adobe CS Adobe LiveCycle Adobe Media Player Bridge Dreamweaver Fireworks Flash professional Media Encoder Illustrator InDesign 7-Zip Acrobat Pro X ALEKS Audacity Apple iTunes FFMPEG LAME Google Earth Google SketchUp 8 HandBrake MAGIC Microsoft Mathematics Microsoft Silverlight Microsoft Office: Access, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Publisher InfoPath OneNote Project Pro Sharepoint Designer Visio Microsoft Project Professional Microsoft SharePoint Designer Microsoft Visio Mozilla Firefox OpenOffice VLC QuickTime RealPlayer MacBook Laptops Apple iLife '08 Suite Adobe CS6 Bridge Photoshop Dreamweaver Fireworks Flash Professional Media Encoder Illustrator InDesign Adobe Acrobat pro Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Digital Editions ALEKS Audacity Apple iTunes Google Chrome Google Earth HandBrake IBM SPSS Office Professional Excel Word PowerPoint Mozilla Firefox OpenOffice VLC CDF Wolfram Player QuickTime Matlab iWork Keynote Numbers Pages Garageband iPhoto Movie Flip4Mac Mathematica Real Player   Security Warnings/Information Laptop borrowers are expected to have read the Information Security handbook. The Information Security handbook contains UNT computing guidelines and policy for UNT faculty, staff and students. This document is available for review and print and is required reading for anyone using UNT computing resources. Departments that work with financial, medical, academic, or any other sensitive information are required to read the security handbook and become familiar with the policies and guidelines listed within as a continued effort by The University of North Texas to prevent FERPA, HIPAA, GLBA, DMCA, and Federal Copyright Law violations. Laptop borrowers are expected to refrain from deleting, modifying, or otherwise altering any hardware or software including display and desktop settings. Personal software or files should not be saved or installed to the laptops hard drive. All users are expected to use the Libraries’ wireless access in a legal and responsible manner, consistent with the educational and informational purposes for which it is provided. The UNT wireless network should be treated as an insecure network. There can be un-trusted parties between you and anyone with who you communicate, and any information being transmitted can potentially be intercepted by other wireless users. Cautious and informed wireless users choose not to transmit personal information (credit card numbers, social security numbers, passwords or any other sensitive information) while using any wireless connection. Please take appropriate precautions when using the wireless connection. Services by Category All Borrowing and Delivery Technology and Computing Study Spaces Scholarly and Professional Research and Instruction Other Services Filter by Audience Community Members and Visitors Faculty & Staff Graduate Students Persons with Disabilities Locations & Hours Select Location Willis Library Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media Library Annex Mail University Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 Partnerships The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library. The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center. Contact 940.565.2411 Research Questions Staff Directory Computer & Technology Problems Facilities Problems Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home 