 giving   ways to give annual gifts The Annual Fund at  Giving to  giving   ways to give annual gifts The Annual Fund at  Giving to  giving   ways to give annual gifts The Annual Fund at  Giving to  giving   ways to give annual gifts The Annual Fund at  Giving to  giving   ways to give annual gifts The Annual Fund at  Giving to  giving   ways to give annual gifts The Annual Fund at  Giving to  giving   ways to give annual gifts The Annual Fund at  Giving to  giving   ways to give annual gifts The Annual Fund at  Giving to  giving   ways to give annual gifts The Annual Fund at  Giving to  giving   ways to give annual gifts The Annual Fund at  Giving to   The Annual Fund at UNT | Giving to UNT Skip to main content Quick LInks MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Search form Search Giving to UNT Main menu Home Why Give Ways to Give Our Supporters Your Trust Giving News Contact Us Update Contact Information You are hereHome » Ways to Give » The Annual Fund at UNT Ways to Give What Can I Give? Annual Gifts Honorary and Memorial Gifts Planned Giving Matching Gifts Get Involved Follow Us The Annual Fund at UNT UNT’s graduates go on to become CEOs of multinational corporations and small-business owners, artists and musicians, scientists and teachers. They are writers and editors, activists and athletes, novelists and nobelists. When you support the Annual Fund at UNT, you are investing in tomorrow’s leaders. The Annual Fund at UNT offers alumni and friends the opportunity to show their loyalty to the University of North Texas while making an immediate impact on scholarships and academic programs, allowing our diverse student population to reach their potential. What the Annual Fund at UNT Supports Annual Fund gifts can be designated to any area. Learn how the Annual Fund at UNT provides resources for the university's students, programs and goals. » Why the Annual Fund Matters Current-use gifts are critical to maintaining the exceptional UNT experience. Learn how the Annual Fund at UNT changes lives every day. » Participation Matters UNT's alumni and friends move the university forward by giving back. Learn how your gift to the Annual Fund at UNT — in any amount — makes it happen. » Contact Information Contact Information University of North Texas Division of Advancement 1155 Union Circle #311250 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Phone: (940) 565-2900 Toll Free: (800) 868-1153 TTY: (940) 369-8652 Email Us Email Us For questions about content in this web site, contact advancement@unt.edu. UNT System UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System   