  library   node 1999 Library Use  Libraries  library   node 1999 Library Use  Libraries  library   node 1999 Library Use  Libraries  library   node 1999 Library Use  Libraries  library   node 1999 Library Use  Libraries  library   node 1999 Library Use  Libraries  library   node 1999 Library Use  Libraries  library   node 1999 Library Use  Libraries  library   node 1999 Library Use  Libraries  library   node 1999 Library Use  Libraries  Library Use | University of North Texas Libraries Skip to main content Services for Persons with Disabilities Information for... Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors Persons with Disabilities UNT Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Other Library Sites UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History Finding Aids Exhibits Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website University Libraries UNT Libraries Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website MENU Home Research Services About Help News & Events Find Ask Us Accounts Login Start Your Research Search it All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections UNT Special Collections Subject & Course Guides This Website Not Sure Where to Start? Enter your search terms and we'll grab results from multiple systems for you at once. Search Search Many Sources for Articles: Search Peer-Reviewed Only Full-text Available Online. Advanced Search Other Ways to Find Articles: Journal Title | In a Database | e-Journals | Google Scholar Search the Catalog Search Keyword Title Journal Title Author Subject LC Call No. Dewey Call No. Other Call No. All Collections Media Library Music Library Discovery Park Library Electronic Resources Government Documents Special Collections The Factory (Makerspace) UNT Dallas Law Library More Catalog Options: Advanced Search | Music | Media | E-Books Search for a Database Search or... Go Directly to: or... Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z or... Browse Subjects: Browse by Subject Accounting Agriculture and Veterinary Science American Indian and International Indigenous Studies Anthropology Archeology Architecture Art and Artists Art History Art Iconography and Symbolism Astronomy Autism Behavior Analysis Biography Biology Business Chemical Engineering Chemistry Communication Studies Company and Industry Research Computer Science and Engineering Construction Engineering Technology Creative Writing Criminal Justice Current Events Dance Data and Statistics Dictionaries, Directories and Encyclopedias Economics Education Educational Counseling Electrical Engineering Emergency Administration and Planning Engineering Engineering Technology English Language and Literature Environmental Sciences Ethnic studies Fashion Design Finance Forensic Science Genealogy General and Interdisciplinary Geography (Human) Geography (Physical) Geology Gerontology Government Grants History Hospitality and Tourism Management Human Resources Management Humanities Information Technology and Decision Sciences International Studies Interior Design Jewish Studies Journalism Kinesiology Latin American Studies Law and Legislation Learning Technologies LGBT Library and Information Sciences Linguistics Marketing and Advertising Materials Science and Engineering Mathematics and Statistical Methods Mechanical and Energy Engineering Medicine and Health Merchandising and Digital Retailing Military Studies Music Newspapers Philosophy Photography Physics Political science Psychology Public Administration Radio, Television and Film Recreation and Leisure Studies Reference Rehabilitation Studies Religion Sciences Social Sciences Social Work Sociology Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology Studio Art Technical Writing Theater Transportation and Aviation Logistics Women Studies/Gender World Languages, Literatures, & Cultures Browse Frequently Used: Academic Search Complete | EBSCOhost | JSTOR | Lexis Nexis Academic | ScienceDirect | Web of Knowledge Search for an e-Journal Search Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Numbers & Dates | Non-Roman Characters Browse Subjects: Art, Architecture & Applied Arts Business & Economics Earth & Environmental Sciences Engineering & Applied Sciences General Health & Biological Sciences History & Archaeology Journalism & Communications Languages & Literatures Law, Politics & Government Music, Dance, Drama & Film Philosophy & Religion Physical Sciences & Mathematics Social Sciences Browse Other Ways to Find Articles: Databases | Find Online Articles | Google Scholar Search the UNT Digital Collections Search Jump To: UNT Digital Library | The Portal to Texas History | UNT Scholarly Works Search the UNT Special Collections Search Jump To: Browse Finding Aids | Exhibits | Special Collections Search Subject & Course Guides Search Browse Subjects Browse Courses Search this Website Find information about the libraries, its services, policies, past news, events, exhibits, etc. SearchSearch Most Requested About Borrowing Citations & Styles Course Reserves Dept. Directory Faculty Services FAQs Interlibrary Loan Jobs Locations & Hours Media & Music Online Holds RefWorks | Legacy Renewing Study Rooms Subjects & Courses 24 Commons Account Login, ILL, & Renewals Borrowing & Returning Doing Research Getting Help Locations & Hours Paying Fines People & Departments Media & Music Search Course Reserves Services & Policies Reserve a Study Room (Students) Ask Us Your Questions 940.565.3245 Toggle Dropdown 940.565.3245 : Reference Help 940.565.2413 : Willis 940.369.7200 : Discovery Park 940.565.2194 : Eagle Commons 940.565.2480 : Media 940.565.2606 : Collection Management 940.565.3025 : Administrative Offices Dept. Directory Email Subject Librarians Problems Computers & Technology Facilities Website Other Find a Subject Librarian Study & Create Computers Printing Spaces Home Policies & Procedures Library Use Library Use UNIVERSITY LIBRARIES, UNT. POLICY & PROCEDURE MEMORANDUM TABLE OF CONTENTS I. SUMMARY II. PRIMARY CLIENTELE & BUILDING USE  III. MATERIAL USE & IDENTIFICATION IV. DISRUPTIONS & HAZARDS RELATED TO ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT  V. TOBACCO, ANIMALS, & BICYCLES VI. FOOD & DRINKS  VII. NOISE VIII. TOURS, ORIENTATIONS, & INSTRUCTION IX. CLASS & MEETING ROOM RESERVATIONS X. DATES I. SUMMARY The Library Use Policy includes information about building use, identification, tobacco, animals, bicycles, food & drinks, noise, library tours, orientation, instruction, and classroom reservations. II. PRIMARY CLIENTELE & BUILDING USE The Libraries' primary clientele are students, faculty, and staff of the University of North Texas. Courtesy privileges are uniformly extended to other patrons with some restrictions in order to provide appropriate service to those who have an official connection to UNT. Additionally, the federal and state depository collections are available to the general public. The Dean of Libraries supervises the designation of the University Libraries’ buildings and spaces for public use, determining where patrons may study or access library resources. III. MATERIAL USE & IDENTIFICATION Library materials may be used by any individual in accordance with library-established guidelines for each area or building. Only persons with appropriate identification are authorized to check out materials. ID cards are non-transferable and may not be used by other individuals. Graduate research assistants may check out items on behalf of their faculty supervisor. With cause, library staff members are authorized to request identification from patrons. Patrons unwilling to provide proper identification may be requested to leave the premises once the University Police have been notified. Library staff on duty must report immediately to the University Police any situation they cannot handle. IV. DISRUPTIONS & HAZARDS RELATED TO ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT Patrons equipped with electronic devices are not to disturb other patrons. Cell phones and pagers should be turned off or set to silent. Headphones should be used with any media device. Laptops should be plugged into outlets available in the furniture; otherwise, the cords become hazardous to the walkways. Safety of other library users and proper maintenance of the equipment must be considered. V. TOBACCO, ANIMALS, & BICYCLES University of North Texas Campus buildings prohibit the use of all tobacco products. All buildings are designated as smoke-free. See: Policy on Smoking, Food, and Beverages on Campus and in Leased Facilities(9.8) Trained service animals are the only animals permitted in the Libraries. Bicycles are not permitted inside the Libraries. VI. FOOD & DRINKS  Drinks are allowed in all areas of Library buildings except for those excluded locations listed below. All beverages must be in a spill-proof container; i.e. cups with lids, bottles with twist off caps, sports bottles, or travel mugs. Exceptions: No Drinks are allowed in the following locations: The Archives and Rare Books Room Media Library Gaming Station and Viewing Carrels Food: Food is allowed in all areas of Library buildings except for those excluded locations listed below. The Library staff reserve the right to ask anyone to stop eating if they have received complaints. Anyone refusing to put or throw away their food will be asked to leave the library. Patrons must leave no trace of any food they opt to bring into the Library, according to the following guidelines: Plan ahead and prepare: Meals should be eaten before coming to the Library. Avoid bringing messy, greasy, pungent-smelling, or noisy snacks that may damage library material or facilities and that may be distracting to others. Properly dispose of waste:  Any leftover food or utensils brought into the library must be packed up or disposed of. Place recyclables in recycling bins and non-recyclable garbage into trash cans. Leftover liquid in a disposable container should be poured down a bathroom sink before the container is recycled or thrown away. Clean up: Library resources, furnishings, and equipment should be left in the same or better condition than their initial state. Report accidental spills to library staff as soon as possible and clean up immediately. Paper towels are located in the restrooms. To report a spill, call (940) 565-3024, e-mail lib.facilites@unt.edu, or tell someone at a service desk. Consider others: Respect fellow library users and the next generation of library users. Damages: Users are responsible for any damage to library property & equipment caused by food or drink. Exceptions: No food is allowed in the following locations: The Archives and Rare Books Room Media Library Gaming Station and Viewing Carrels VII. NOISE Library patrons should be considerate of others at all times. All public areas within the Libraries permit normal conversational noise levels, except the Willis Library Lower Level, designated for quiet study. Library staff reserve the right to ask patrons or groups to lower noise levels to ensure the comfort of others working around them. Non-cooperative groups will be asked to lower their noise or leave the premises. Loud, disruptive behavior is unacceptable. VIII. TOURS, ORIENTATIONS, & INSTRUCTION Requests to Tour the Libraries Library tours for groups external to the University are guided, general overviews of the services, facilities, and resources available through the University of North Texas Libraries. External groups may request library tours through the UNT Libraries’ External Relations Office (940) 369-8740 Dreanna.Belden@unt.edu. The External Relations Office schedules tours with the appropriate library departments. Suggested guidelines for scheduling external group tours: External groups must be accompanied by either a librarian or teacher and have one chaperone for every ten students. External groups must provide a minimum of two weeks prior notice. Requests to Tour a Single Department For tours of a single library department, please contact the head of that department directly. Library Orientations Library orientations are activities that provide a general overview for internal groups as to the services, facilities, and resources available through the University of North Texas Libraries. Audience Library orientations are available to: UNT students. UNT Faculty. UNT Staff. Requ​ests Groups may request library orientations through the UNT Libraries’ External Relations Office. The External Relations Office schedules the orientation with the appropriate library departments. Library Instruction Library instruction involves in-depth training in the effective use of the services, facilities, and resources available through the University of North Texas Libraries. The ultimate goal of library instruction is to promote and foster individual information literacy skills for effective lifelong learning. Available To Library instruction is available to students, faculty, and staff of the University of North Texas. Under special circumstances, library instruction for groups external to UNT may be available. Requests Instructional requests should be provided by groups at least two weeks in advance. The representative requesting instruction for a group is required to attend the library instruction session with the group. Internal instructors may request library instruction through the library department that will be providing the instruction. Each library department is responsible for their own library instruction scheduling. Reporting Each library department is responsible for reporting monthly library instruction activity to the Research and Instructional Services (RIS) Department using the Library Instruction Statistics Log and scheduling the instruction session using Outlook. IX. CLASS & MEETING ROOM RESERVATIONS Class and meeting rooms located within the Libraries are reserved for Library instruction. Library staff may reserve a room through the Outlook Calendar. Students may reserve study rooms using the online reservation tool. Faculty and Staff must use this reservation form to reserve any of the following spaces: Classrooms in the Eagle Commons Library, Media's 111C Screening Room, The Forum at Willis Library, or the Willis Computer Lab (Room 136). Requests for room reservations for other than library instruction must be submitted through the Library Facilities and Systems office, lib.facilities@unt.edu. X. DATES Approved: 06/25/12  Revised: 01/12/17 This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. Policy Categories Circulation Collection Development Copies, Printing and Copyright Disability Accommodation Gifts Interlibrary Loan Libraries Use Other Locations & Hours Select Location Willis Library Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media Library Annex Mail University Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 Partnerships The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library. The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center. Contact 940.565.2411 Research Questions Staff Directory Computer & Technology Problems Facilities Problems Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home 