 guides library   grants Intro Grantseeking Resources Guides at  guides library   grants Intro Grantseeking Resources Guides at  guides library   grants Intro Grantseeking Resources Guides at  guides library   grants Intro Grantseeking Resources Guides at  guides library   grants Intro Grantseeking Resources Guides at  guides library   grants Intro Grantseeking Resources Guides at  guides library   grants Intro Grantseeking Resources Guides at  guides library   grants Intro Grantseeking Resources Guides at  guides library   grants Intro Grantseeking Resources Guides at  guides library   grants Intro Grantseeking Resources Guides at   Intro - Grantseeking Resources - Guides at University of North Texas Skip to main content Information for... Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors Persons with Disabilities UNT Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Other Library Sites UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History Finding Aids Exhibits Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website University Libraries UNT Libraries Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website MENU Home Research Services About Help News & Events Ask Us Accounts Login Home Guides Grantseeking Resources Intro Search this Guide Search Grantseeking Resources: Intro guide to grant seeking resources available via the UNT Libraries and beyond Intro Foundation Center Grant Funding Databases More Grant Funding Resources Grant and Funding News Researching Issues Statistics Training General News Welcome The University of North Texas Libraries are now a Funding Information Network (FIN) partner of the Foundation Center. The FIN is comprised of libraries, community  foundations, NGOs, and nonprofit resource centers. FIN partners provide free access to the best and most comprehensive information available on foundation and corporate giving, feature Foundation Center resources and fundraising research guidance, and provide workshops and programs for local nonprofits.   The Funding Information Network collection at UNT is located in the Eagle Commons Library in Sycamore Hall.  The Foundation Center databases, Foundation Directory Online Professional, Foundation Grants to Individuals, and Foundation Maps, are available to use while inside the Eagle Commons Library, and cannot be accessed remotely. The Eagle Commons Library also houses a collection of print nonprofit resources, such as directories and guides on writing grant proposals. How to Find Us Visitor Parking is available on campus in either garages or open lots. There are two parking garages on campus, the Union Circle Garage and the Highland Street Garage.  If you prefer a garage, we recommend that you park in the Union Circle Garage; it is closer to the Eagle Commons Library than the other garage. Here is information on the parking garage hourly rates.  The route from the Union Circle Garage to the Eagle Commons Library (located in Sycamore Hall) is marked on the map in turquoise. If you prefer an open lot, check with the parking office, to find out which lots have designated visitor spaces. To park in the lots on campus, you will need to purchase a visitor permit for $5.00. Visitor permits can be purchased in the Parking Office on the first floor of the Highland Street Garage. To purchase a permit in person, park in the garage while in the Parking Office-- the garage allows 30 minutes of free parking for this purpose.  The entrance to the Parking Office is on Avenue A facing the Business Leadership Building.  There is also a Parking Office webform, through which daily parking permits can be purchased. Map with Building and Parking Information Interactive Campus Map Subject Librarian Jennifer Rowe Email Me Contact:940-369-7815 Eagle Commons Library Sycamore Hall 104A jennifer.rowe@unt.edu Subjects:Addictions, Alternative Dispute Resolution, Anthropology, Autism, Behavior Analysis, Criminal Justice, Emergency Management, Gerontology, Grant Writing, Nonprofit Studies, Public Administration, Rehab, Social Work, Speech & Hearing Community Users Residents of Denton County can check materials out from the UNT Libraries. Find more information about services and resources that are available to community users at -- https://www.library.unt.edu/community-visitors Next: Foundation Center Grant Funding Databases >> Last Updated: Apr 13, 2017 5:07 PM URL: http://guides.library.unt.edu/grants Print Page Login to LibApps Subjects: Financial Aid, Grant Writing, Nonprofit Studies, Scholarships Tags: fellowships, foundation center, grant seeking, grant writing, grants, grants and proposals, grantseeking, non-profit management, scholarships Locations & Hours Select Location Willis Library Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media Library Annex Mail University Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 Partnerships The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library. The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center. Contact 940.565.2413 Research Questions Staff Directory Computer & Technology Problems Facilities Problems Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home 