  library   services special collections special collections research Special Collections Research  Libraries  library   services special collections special collections research Special Collections Research  Libraries  library   services special collections special collections research Special Collections Research  Libraries  library   services special collections special collections research Special Collections Research  Libraries  library   services special collections special collections research Special Collections Research  Libraries  library   services special collections special collections research Special Collections Research  Libraries  library   services special collections special collections research Special Collections Research  Libraries  library   services special collections special collections research Special Collections Research  Libraries  library   services special collections special collections research Special Collections Research  Libraries  library   services special collections special collections research Special Collections Research  Libraries  Special Collections: Research | University of North Texas Libraries Skip to main content Services for Persons with Disabilities Information for... Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors Persons with Disabilities UNT Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Other Library Sites UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History Finding Aids Exhibits Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website University Libraries UNT Libraries Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website MENU Home Research Services About Help News & Events Find Ask Us Accounts Login Start Your Research Search it All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections UNT Special Collections Subject & Course Guides This Website Not Sure Where to Start? Enter your search terms and we'll grab results from multiple systems for you at once. Search Search Many Sources for Articles: Search Peer-Reviewed Only Full-text Available Online. Advanced Search Other Ways to Find Articles: Journal Title | In a Database | e-Journals | Google Scholar Search the Catalog Search Keyword Title Journal Title Author Subject LC Call No. Dewey Call No. Other Call No. All Collections Media Library Music Library Discovery Park Library Electronic Resources Government Documents Special Collections The Factory (Makerspace) UNT Dallas Law Library More Catalog Options: Advanced Search | Music | Media | E-Books Search for a Database Search or... Go Directly to: or... Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z or... Browse Subjects: Browse by Subject Accounting Agriculture and Veterinary Science American Indian and International Indigenous Studies Anthropology Archeology Architecture Art and Artists Art History Art Iconography and Symbolism Astronomy Autism Behavior Analysis Biography Biology Business Chemical Engineering Chemistry Communication Studies Company and Industry Research Computer Science and Engineering Construction Engineering Technology Creative Writing Criminal Justice Current Events Dance Data and Statistics Dictionaries, Directories and Encyclopedias Economics Education Educational Counseling Electrical Engineering Emergency Administration and Planning Engineering Engineering Technology English Language and Literature Environmental Sciences Ethnic studies Fashion Design Finance Forensic Science Genealogy General and Interdisciplinary Geography (Human) Geography (Physical) Geology Gerontology Government Grants History Hospitality and Tourism Management Human Resources Management Humanities Information Technology and Decision Sciences International Studies Interior Design Jewish Studies Journalism Kinesiology Latin American Studies Law and Legislation Learning Technologies LGBT Library and Information Sciences Linguistics Marketing and Advertising Materials Science and Engineering Mathematics and Statistical Methods Mechanical and Energy Engineering Medicine and Health Merchandising and Digital Retailing Military Studies Music Newspapers Philosophy Photography Physics Political science Psychology Public Administration Radio, Television and Film Recreation and Leisure Studies Reference Rehabilitation Studies Religion Sciences Social Sciences Social Work Sociology Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology Studio Art Technical Writing Theater Transportation and Aviation Logistics Women Studies/Gender World Languages, Literatures, & Cultures Browse Frequently Used: Academic Search Complete | EBSCOhost | JSTOR | Lexis Nexis Academic | ScienceDirect | Web of Knowledge Search for an e-Journal Search Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Numbers & Dates | Non-Roman Characters Browse Subjects: Art, Architecture & Applied Arts Business & Economics Earth & Environmental Sciences Engineering & Applied Sciences General Health & Biological Sciences History & Archaeology Journalism & Communications Languages & Literatures Law, Politics & Government Music, Dance, Drama & Film Philosophy & Religion Physical Sciences & Mathematics Social Sciences Browse Other Ways to Find Articles: Databases | Find Online Articles | Google Scholar Search the UNT Digital Collections Search Jump To: UNT Digital Library | The Portal to Texas History | UNT Scholarly Works Search the UNT Special Collections Search Jump To: Browse Finding Aids | Exhibits | Special Collections Search Subject & Course Guides Search Browse Subjects Browse Courses Search this Website Find information about the libraries, its services, policies, past news, events, exhibits, etc. SearchSearch Most Requested About Borrowing Citations & Styles Course Reserves Dept. Directory Faculty Services FAQs Interlibrary Loan Jobs Locations & Hours Media & Music Online Holds RefWorks | Legacy Renewing Study Rooms Subjects & Courses 24 Commons Account Login, ILL, & Renewals Borrowing & Returning Doing Research Getting Help Locations & Hours Paying Fines People & Departments Media & Music Search Course Reserves Services & Policies Reserve a Study Room (Students) Ask Us Your Questions 940.565.3245 Toggle Dropdown 940.565.3245 : Reference Help 940.565.2413 : Willis 940.369.7200 : Discovery Park 940.565.2194 : Eagle Commons 940.565.2480 : Media 940.565.2606 : Collection Management 940.565.3025 : Administrative Offices Dept. Directory Email Subject Librarians Problems Computers & Technology Facilities Website Other Find a Subject Librarian Study & Create Computers Printing Spaces Home Services Research Research Visiting Collections are open to the public for use in the Judge Sarah T. Hughes Reading Room, located on the 4th floor of Willis Library, during normal operating hours. Since many of our collections are stored off-site, patrons are advised to contact the department prior to arrival to ensure books and other collections are available for use. Reading room hours vary of the course of the year. Please check our schedule for current hours and note any exceptions. Locating Materials Many of the books and periodicals that comprise the Special Collections can be found in the UNT Libraries Catalog. In addition archive, manuscript, microform, photography and some special indexes to collections can be searched in our on-line finding aids. Finding aids allow you to discover and understand the content and context of materials in a collection. The Special Collections department receives new collections on a regular basis and some of our collections are not yet cataloged. If you are having trouble finding a book or a collection one of our staff members will be happy to assist you. Using Materials All first-time patrons will receive an overview of our reading room policy and procedures and are required to fill out a short researcher registration form. For information on duplication, use of digital cameras in the reading room and permission for publishing archive and rare books materials please see the Policy and Forms section.  If you would like to use Special Collections for commercial and non-profit promotional purposes, broadcast/TV/documentary, public display, exhibition, publication in print, internet or digital formats, or any other use, please complete the following Request for Reproduction and Use form. University of North Texas Libraries 2015-2016 Research Fellowships Special Collections Research Fellowship The University of North Texas Libraries invites applications for the 2015 UNT Special Collections Research Fellowship. Research in special collections is relevant to studies in a variety of disciplines including history, journalism, political science, geography, fine art, art history and American studies. We encourage applicants to think creatively about new uses for special collections. Preference will be given to applicants that demonstrate the greatest potential for publication and the best use of special collections at UNT Libraries.  The Award: A total of $4,000 in funding will be awarded to two or more fellowship applicants. Fellowship awards are intended to defray the actual costs of conducting research and applicants must prepare a budget detailing their expenses as part of the application process. Fellows will be required to conduct research in residence at UNT for a minimum of four days and a maximum of three months to receive the award. The fellow will be required to write a brief (under 500 words) overview of their research experience and may also be asked to present an informal lecture on their research. The Special Collections Fellowship is generously supported by the Friends of the UNT Libraries.  Eligibility: The Fellowship is open to faculty, graduate students and independent researchers. Any funding awarded must be used between June 1, 2015 and August 30, 2016.  Application procedure: Applicants should demonstrate the specific relevance of UNT Special Collections to their current research through their essay and cover letter. Information on library holdings can be located through the UNT Libraries catalog, the Special Collections department website, on-line finding aids for archives and manuscript collections or by contacting the department directly at archivesrarebooks@unt.edu. The Portal to Texas History Research Fellowship The University of North Texas Libraries invites applications for The Portal to Texas History Research Fellowship. Research using the Portal is relevant to studies in a variety of disciplines including history, journalism, political science, geography, and American studies. We encourage applicants to think creatively about the opportunities that research with large digital library collections can enable. Preference will be given to applicants that demonstrate the greatest potential for publication and the best use of The Portal to Texas History. The Award: A total of $2,000 in funding will be awarded to one or more fellowship applicants. The Portal Fellowship was created to recognize and support outstanding scholarship which incorporates unique digital collection. Consideration will be given to any anticipated expenses as outlined in the budget, although this is just one factor that the reviewers will consider in making the awards. The fellow will be required to write a brief (under 500 words) overview of their research experience and may also be asked to present an informal lecture on their research. The Portal to Texas History Research Fellowship is funded by the Cathy N. Hartman Portal to Texas History Endowment. Eligibility: The Fellowship is open to faculty, graduate students, and independent researchers. Fellowship funding will be dispersed between June 1, 2015 and August 30, 2016. Application procedure for the Special Collections and Portal to Texas History Fellowships: Applicants should demonstrate the specific relevance of either UNT Special Collections or The Portal to Texas History to their current research through their essay and cover letter. Information on The Portal to Texas History can be located at http://texashistory.unt.edu/. Information on UNT Special Collections may be found here http://www.library.unt.edu/special-collections. If you are applying for both fellowships please submit two applications. Deadline for applications is February 15, 2015. The recipient will be notified by April 1, 2015. Please submit the following materials as yoru application: An essay (3 pages maximum) describing your research interests, specific goals for research during the Fellowship period and the specific collections intended for use. For the Special Collections Fellowship also indicate the dates that will spent in residence. A brief CV (3-5 pages) Budget detailing travel expenses such as airfare, transportation or mileage, lodging, meals or other expenses One letter of reference indicating the significance of the proposed research. Letters can be sent directly from the recommender or included in the application packet. Application materials should be submitted electronically in PDF of Microsoft Word format. Send questions and applications for the Special Collections Fellowship to Morgan Gieringer, Head of Special Collections. Send questions and application for the Portal to Texas History Fellowship to Mark Phillips, Assistant Dean for Digital Libraries.    Services by Category All Borrowing and Delivery Technology and Computing Study Spaces Scholarly and Professional Research and Instruction Other Services Filter by Audience Community Members and Visitors Faculty & Staff Graduate Students Persons with Disabilities Locations & Hours Select Location Willis Library Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media Library Annex Mail University Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 Partnerships The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library. The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center. Contact 940.565.2411 Research Questions Staff Directory Computer & Technology Problems Facilities Problems Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home 