 giving   content don and donna millican pledge 15 million establish new accoing chair  Don and Donna Millican pledge 1 5 million to establish new accoing chair at  Giving to  giving   content don and donna millican pledge 15 million establish new accoing chair  Don and Donna Millican pledge 1 5 million to establish new accoing chair at  Giving to  giving   content don and donna millican pledge 15 million establish new accoing chair  Don and Donna Millican pledge 1 5 million to establish new accoing chair at  Giving to  giving   content don and donna millican pledge 15 million establish new accoing chair  Don and Donna Millican pledge 1 5 million to establish new accoing chair at  Giving to  giving   content don and donna millican pledge 15 million establish new accoing chair  Don and Donna Millican pledge 1 5 million to establish new accoing chair at  Giving to  giving   content don and donna millican pledge 15 million establish new accoing chair  Don and Donna Millican pledge 1 5 million to establish new accoing chair at  Giving to  giving   content don and donna millican pledge 15 million establish new accoing chair  Don and Donna Millican pledge 1 5 million to establish new accoing chair at  Giving to  giving   content don and donna millican pledge 15 million establish new accoing chair  Don and Donna Millican pledge 1 5 million to establish new accoing chair at  Giving to  giving   content don and donna millican pledge 15 million establish new accoing chair  Don and Donna Millican pledge 1 5 million to establish new accoing chair at  Giving to  giving   content don and donna millican pledge 15 million establish new accoing chair  Don and Donna Millican pledge 1 5 million to establish new accoing chair at  Giving to   Don and Donna Millican pledge $1.5 million to establish new accounting chair at UNT | Giving to UNT Skip to main content Quick LInks MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Search form Search Giving to UNT Main menu Home Why Give Ways to Give Our Supporters Your Trust Giving News Contact Us Update Contact Information You are hereHome » Don and Donna Millican pledge $1.5 million to establish new accounting chair at UNT Don and Donna Millican pledge $1.5 million to establish new accounting chair at UNT By: Teresa Love & Monique BirdDENTON (UNT), Texas - A $1.5 million commitment from University of North Texas alumnus Don Millican and his wife Donna Millican has established the Don and Donna Millican Endowed Chair in Accounting at the UNT College of Business. Don Millican, chief financial officer at Kaiser-Francis Oil Company in Tulsa, Oklahoma, is a 1974 graduate of UNT, and the endowed chair supports his vision of preparing UNT students to compete at the highest levels in the accounting field. “This is a transformative gift that allowed the College of Business to conduct a national search for an experienced, highly qualified chair for the Department of Accounting,” said Marilyn Wiley, dean of the UNT College of Business. Ananth Seetharaman, the inaugural holder of the chair and a professor, joined UNT on Aug. 15 after serving as the Ernst & Young Distinguished Professor and chairman of the Department of Accounting at Saint Louis University. Under his leadership there, the undergraduate and graduate accounting programs gained national prominence, with rankings in the top 25 nationally by U.S. News & World Report. Seetharaman holds a doctoral degree and two master’s degrees from Georgia State University. An award-winning teacher, his primary interests are in income taxation and managerial accounting, and he has taught at the bachelor’s and master’s degree levels. Additionally, Seetharaman’s research has appeared in a number of high-level publications, including The Accounting Review, the Journal of Accounting and Economics and Accounting Horizons. “With Dr. Seetharaman’s leadership, the College of Business will move its academically successful accounting program to national prominence,” said Wiley. “UNT gave me an outstanding foundation on which I have been blessed to build a successful career,” said Millican. “I attribute that foundation to the excellent teaching and the strong work ethic culture that continues to exist at UNT. I believe it is the mission of UNT, and particularly the College of Business and the Department of Accounting, to give students an educational platform that will truly change the trajectory of their lives.” Millican added that he hopes that other UNT alumni will continue to support the university.   “Do whatever you can to give current and future students the same opportunity you were given,” he said. Contact Information Contact Information University of North Texas Division of Advancement 1155 Union Circle #311250 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Phone: (940) 565-2900 Toll Free: (800) 868-1153 TTY: (940) 369-8652 Email Us Email Us For questions about content in this web site, contact advancement@unt.edu. UNT System UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System   