 system    System system    System system    System system    System system    System system    System system    System system    System system    System system    System  UNT System Menu Toggle navigation Top Navigation Reports & Data Forms My UNT System Staff Directory About Us About the UNT System Degree Programs Locations North Texas Region News History Timeline Employment Opportunities Strategic Plans Policies Culture of Service Brand Identity & Communications Guide Contact Us Leadership Board of Regents Chancellor Lee F. Jackson UNT President Neal J. Smatresk UNTHSC President Michael Williams UNTD President Robert Mong Organizational Chart Service Teams Office of the Chancellor Academic Affairs & Student Success Facilities Planning & Construction Finance General Counsel Government Relations Internal Audit HR, IT & Business Services Business Support Services Human Resources Historically Underutilized Business Information Technology Shared Services Procurement Payroll Travel Universities UNT UNT Health Science Center UNT Dallas — UNT Dallas College of Law Degree Programs Search form Search LATEST NEWS UNT System Chancellor Lee F. Jackson announces retirement plans. Cick here to read more UNT Located in Denton, UNT is ranked a Tier One research university by the Carnegie Classification and offers 100 bachelor's, 83 master's and 37 doctoral degree programs. More UNT Health Science Center UNTHSC in Fort Worth is one of the nation’s premier graduate academic medical centers. More UNT Dallas UNTD is the only regionally accredited, public university in the City of Dallas  More Downtown Dallas The UNT System Administration Building at 1901 Main Street is currently home to the UNT Dallas College of Law and hosts courses for both UNT and UNT Dallas. More New College at Frisco UNT's off-site instructional facility provides access to Frisco and Collin County's hub of Fortune 1000 companies and thriving startups. More North Texas Region The North Texas Region has a population nearing 7 million and is home to dozens of Fortune 500 companies and world class attractions. More News The latest news from the UNT System and its component institutions. Read more Employment Opportunities Roughly 9000 employees support academic and operational activities at four UNT System locations in Dallas, Denton and Fort Worth. Available positions include managerial, administrative and technical jobs, plus teaching, research and management. Read more Degree Programs UNT System institutions award more than 9,000 degrees each year – including the largest number of master’s and doctoral degrees in the region. Read more Interactive Regional Map As the only public university system based in the robust North Texas Region, the University of North Texas System is uniquely-equipped to provide its students with a wealth of job opportunities, plus entertainment, culture, shopping and professional sports. Read more History Timeline The University of North Texas System (UNTS) has a rich history to go with its exciting future. UNTS assumed formal "System status" on January 1, 2001.  Our three Universities -- UNT, UNT Health Science Center and UNT Dallas -- were founded in 1890, 1970 and 2000, respectively.  Read more Construction Projects Each UNT System component has a master plan that guides the growth and development of the individual institution through new construction and renovation projects. Read more $6.48M Taxpayer Dollars Saved Since creating a central UNT System IT Shared Service Learn more 62 Top-100 Programs UNT offers 220 academic degree programs with research and scholarship spanning all disciplines and 62 programs among the nation’s Top 100. Learn more 83% Minority Students UNT Dallas has a diverse student population that is 83% minority, including 41% Hispanic and 35% African-American. Learn more $68.4M In Research Dollars UNT Health Science Center and UNT are investing a combined $68.4 million in research, annually. Learn more Our Mission & Vision We are committed to helping people and communities reach their full potential. Learn more about our Strategic Plans Employment Opportunities AA/OEO/ADA UNT System Compliance Hotline: 940-565-4351Privacy StatementLinking NoticeUNT System Electronic Information Resource Accessibility Tools and ResourcesRequired Links Contact UNT System Administration214-752-8585   Human Resources855-878-7650   1901 Main Street Dallas, Texas 75201 Email Us Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram UNTS News on Twitter Tweets by UNTSystem © 2016 University of North Texas System. 