 iii library   patroninfo  Libraries All Collec iii library   patroninfo  Libraries All Collec iii library   patroninfo  Libraries All Collec iii library   patroninfo  Libraries All Collec iii library   patroninfo  Libraries All Collec iii library   patroninfo  Libraries All Collec iii library   patroninfo  Libraries All Collec iii library   patroninfo  Libraries All Collec iii library   patroninfo  Libraries All Collec iii library   patroninfo  Libraries All Collec  University of North Texas Libraries /All Collec Skip to content Information for... Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors Persons with Disabilities UNT Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Other Library Sites UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History Finding Aids Exhibits Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website University Libraries UNT Libraries Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website MENU Home Research Services About Help News & Events Ask Us Accounts Login Library Catalog   New Search Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you. Login to Your Library Catalog Account Renew your books, check the status of your holds, view fines totals, and view your preferred searches. More Help Please enter the following information: UNT Students, Staff, and Faculty EUID: Password: Forgot your EUID or password? Update it here. Visitors Name: E.g., Smith, John UNT ID: E.g., 10009899 Enter your PIN: Your PIN should be a 4-digit number. If you haven't previously created a PIN, leave the PIN field blank and submit your information. You will then be asked to create your own PIN. If you should forget your PIN, please contact the Library Services Desk at (940)565-2413. The Library Services Desk is located on the 1st floor of Willis Library (Room 126). Submit Other Catalog Searches   Media Library Catalog Locate films, games, and other multimedia.   Music Library Catalog Find audio recordings, scores, books, and other music related items.   Course Reserves Find books, articles, music, and other items placed on reserves for a class. Other Systems for Research   UNT Digital Collections Access to digitized text, images, sound, and video selected from the Libraries, the University, and our partners around the state.   Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery Borrow materials from other libraries. Available to UNT faculty, staff and students First Time Users | Existing Users.   Searching around the world Consider using Worldcat, Google's Scholar and Books, or be social on LibraryThing or Goodreads. Suggestions & Lists   Suggest a Purchase Think we need to purchase something? Make your suggestion here.   Recent Acquisitions Lists View purchased items by fund. See these Featured Lists also. Locations & Hours Select Location Willis Library Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media Library Annex Mail University Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 Partnerships The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library. The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center. Contact 940.565.2413 Research Questions Staff Directory Computer & Technology Problems Facilities Problems Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home 