 guides library   gichistoryportal Introduction Government Information Connection History Portal Guides at  guides library   gichistoryportal Introduction Government Information Connection History Portal Guides at  guides library   gichistoryportal Introduction Government Information Connection History Portal Guides at  guides library   gichistoryportal Introduction Government Information Connection History Portal Guides at  guides library   gichistoryportal Introduction Government Information Connection History Portal Guides at  guides library   gichistoryportal Introduction Government Information Connection History Portal Guides at  guides library   gichistoryportal Introduction Government Information Connection History Portal Guides at  guides library   gichistoryportal Introduction Government Information Connection History Portal Guides at  guides library   gichistoryportal Introduction Government Information Connection History Portal Guides at  guides library   gichistoryportal Introduction Government Information Connection History Portal Guides at   Introduction - Government Information Connection: History Portal - Guides at University of North Texas Skip to main content Information for... Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors Persons with Disabilities UNT Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Other Library Sites UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History Finding Aids Exhibits Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website University Libraries UNT Libraries Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website MENU Home Research Services About Help News & Events Ask Us Accounts Login Home Guides Government Information Connection: History Portal Introduction Search this Guide Search Government Information Connection: History Portal: Introduction Resources in the Government Documents Department for History students. Includes resources in all formats. Introduction U.S. History - Topics Texas History - Topics U.S. Congressional Serial Set - How to Use Congressional Research Service Reports Examples of Government Documents Welcome to the Government Information Connection: History Portal Databases - History - General You can get into these UNT Library-subscribed databases remotely. Type in your UNT EUID and password when requested. Can't get in? Use the Virtual Private Network (VPN), an additional port: http://vpn.unt.edu . The maximum number of users has been reached. Please try later. Academic Search Complete America: History & Life (EBSCO) American Memory: The 19th Century in Print ArchivesUSA Chronicling America: Historic American Newspapers Data Planet Early American Imprints, Series I: Evans Digital Edition Early American Imprints, Series II: Shaw-Shoemaker, 1801-1819 eBooks on EBSCOhost more... less... Other Notes: In order to effectively use all EBSCOhost features, the minimum browser requirements are Internet Explorer 7.0, Firefox 3.0, and Safari 3.0 (for Macintosh). You must also have Adobe Reader installed to view the PDF Full Text files. We recommend Adobe Acrobat Reader version 8.2 or later. If you are using Visual Search, you must also install Adobe Flash Player 8.0 or higher. In order to download and read eBooks offline, Adobe Digital Editions (v 1.7.1 or higher) must be installed on your computer. Electronic Collections Online Gender Studies Database Hispanic American Newspapers (1808-1980) more... less... Contact:Lisa Brown ( Lisa.Brown@unt.edu) Other Notes: With the digital publication of Hispanic American Newspapers, these important primary documents can now be easily browsed, searched and read. Users can easily compare and contrast Hispanic views on nearly every major theme in American life with those appearing in other America's Historical Newspapers series, including Early American Newspapers, 1690-1922. Historical Newspapers in Washington LexisNexis Academic ProQuest Dissertations & Theses Full Text ProQuest Research Library ProQuest Statistical Insight Texas Newspaper Collection via Newsbank Databases - History - Government Information Focus You can get into these UNT Library-subscribed databases remotely. Type in your UNT EUID and password when requested. Can't get in? Use the Virtual Private Network (VPN), an additional port: http://vpn.unt.edu . The maximum number of users may have been reached. Please try later. Congressional Research Digital Collection CQ Press CQ Press Political Reference Suite Military & Government Collection ProQuest Congressional ProQuest Government Periodicals Index WT1164 SEARCH Search Type:  Keyword Title Journal Title Author Subject Search Term(s): Advanced Search | Number Search AGENCIES We've moved!  Several of the links listed below will not work yet.  We'll try to get that corrected ASAP. U.S. Federal Texas State Local & Regional International & Foreign REFERENCE Core Documents of U.S. Democracy Data & Statistics Census Public Records Maps Technical Reports Government Periodicals Debate Resources TOPICS Business Community Service Education Emergency Management Environment Financial Assistance Government & Politics History & Culture Intellectual Property Law Science & Technology Taxation Transportation AUDIENCES Citizens Entrepreneurs Librarians K-12 Educators Business Collection Librarian Robbie Sittel Email Me Contact:Eagle Commons Library Sycamore Hall 105C940-565-4150Website / Blog PageSkype Contact Social:Facebook Page Subjects:Census, Genealogy, Government Information, Grant Writing, Law, Native American Studies, Political Science, Taxes, Transportation, Women's Studies Government Documents Staff Office and Service Desk: Eagle Commons Library.  Phone: 940-565-2870 Email: govinfo@unt.edu Department Head: Roberta Sittel Members: Bobby Griffith, Erica Kaufman, Jeffrey Levy, Betty Monterroso, Andrea Myrick-Langston, Jennifer Rowe, Jenne Turner Our Website and Hours: http://www.library.unt.edu/government-documents Welcome to the UNT Libraries' Government Documents Department The UNT Libraries' Government Documents Collection in the Eagle Commons Library includes over 1 million items, in a variety of formats: electronic, print, microform, audiovisual, musical scores, maps, posters, DVDs, LPs, CD-ROMs, and "virtual" Web documents.  Though we have only been an official Federal Depository Library since 1947, we have acquired documents going back to the founding of the U.S. and the State of Texas. In 1994, our Depository was designated an electronic Gateway for the U.S. Government Printing Office (GPO).   Through the Internet, we can now provide the whole world with directed access to full-text federal, state, local, foreign, and international government information.   Our primary mission as a Federal Depository Library remains the same today as it was fifty years ago: Provide free public access to information produced by the government. PORTALS Business Portal Civic Engagement Portal Elections Portal History Portal The UNT Digital Library The UNT Digital Library, created by Digital Projects, http://digital.library.unt.edu/ contains a vast quantity of historical documents. To browse, use this URL: http://digital.library.unt.edu/explore/partners/UNTGD/browse/ Once in, search by Collection. You may also need to go to the Portal to Texas History. See the detailed description on the Texas tab of this guide. Older Documents Most of our older documents are not easily found in the online catalog. WorldCat might be a good place to search if you don’t find something in the UNT catalog. Please keep in mind that we actually have a lot of the older documents that are cataloged in WorldCat, but they won’t show as available in our library. WorldCat is a UNT Libraries’ subscription. If this is confusing, we'll be happy to help you. Just ask at the Service Desk. WorldCat QUESTIONS Ask a Documents Librarian Frequently Asked Questions HELP Using Government Documents Citation Guides & Style Manuals Research & Writing Tips Who Represents Me? ABOUT Hours Staff Contact Us Eagle Commons: Main Click to view full screen   Located in Sycamore Hall UNT Map: Eagle Commons UNT Parking and Transit View All Library Locations Next: U.S. History - Topics >> Last Updated: Nov 21, 2016 10:23 AM URL: http://guides.library.unt.edu/gichistoryportal Print Page Login to LibApps Subjects: Biographies, Government Information, History, Latina/o Studies, Native American Studies, Women's Studies Tags: gic, govdocs, government documents, government information connection, history, new south, portal, postbellum, reconstruction, serials set, subjectguide, texana, texas history Locations & Hours Select Location Willis Library Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media Library Annex Mail University Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 Partnerships The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library. The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center. Contact 940.565.2413 Research Questions Staff Directory Computer & Technology Problems Facilities Problems Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home 