  library   node 2063 Eight formerly Twenty One Things to Do When Assuming Responsibility for a Federal Depository Library  Libraries  library   node 2063 Eight formerly Twenty One Things to Do When Assuming Responsibility for a Federal Depository Library  Libraries  library   node 2063 Eight formerly Twenty One Things to Do When Assuming Responsibility for a Federal Depository Library  Libraries  library   node 2063 Eight formerly Twenty One Things to Do When Assuming Responsibility for a Federal Depository Library  Libraries  library   node 2063 Eight formerly Twenty One Things to Do When Assuming Responsibility for a Federal Depository Library  Libraries  library   node 2063 Eight formerly Twenty One Things to Do When Assuming Responsibility for a Federal Depository Library  Libraries  library   node 2063 Eight formerly Twenty One Things to Do When Assuming Responsibility for a Federal Depository Library  Libraries  library   node 2063 Eight formerly Twenty One Things to Do When Assuming Responsibility for a Federal Depository Library  Libraries  library   node 2063 Eight formerly Twenty One Things to Do When Assuming Responsibility for a Federal Depository Library  Libraries  library   node 2063 Eight formerly Twenty One Things to Do When Assuming Responsibility for a Federal Depository Library  Libraries  Eight (formerly Twenty-One) Things to Do When Assuming Responsibility for a Federal Depository Library | University of North Texas Libraries Skip to main content Services for Persons with Disabilities Information for... Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors Persons with Disabilities UNT Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Other Library Sites UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History Finding Aids Exhibits Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website University Libraries UNT Libraries Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website MENU Home Research Services About Help News & Events Find Ask Us Accounts Login Start Your Research Search it All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections UNT Special Collections Subject & Course Guides This Website Not Sure Where to Start? Enter your search terms and we'll grab results from multiple systems for you at once. Search Search Many Sources for Articles: Search Peer-Reviewed Only Full-text Available Online. Advanced Search Other Ways to Find Articles: Journal Title | In a Database | e-Journals | Google Scholar Search the Catalog Search Keyword Title Journal Title Author Subject LC Call No. Dewey Call No. Other Call No. All Collections Media Library Music Library Discovery Park Library Electronic Resources Government Documents Special Collections The Factory (Makerspace) UNT Dallas Law Library More Catalog Options: Advanced Search | Music | Media | E-Books Search for a Database Search or... Go Directly to: or... Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z or... Browse Subjects: Browse by Subject Accounting Agriculture and Veterinary Science American Indian and International Indigenous Studies Anthropology Archeology Architecture Art and Artists Art History Art Iconography and Symbolism Astronomy Autism Behavior Analysis Biography Biology Business Chemical Engineering Chemistry Communication Studies Company and Industry Research Computer Science and Engineering Construction Engineering Technology Creative Writing Criminal Justice Current Events Dance Data and Statistics Dictionaries, Directories and Encyclopedias Economics Education Educational Counseling Electrical Engineering Emergency Administration and Planning Engineering Engineering Technology English Language and Literature Environmental Sciences Ethnic studies Fashion Design Finance Forensic Science Genealogy General and Interdisciplinary Geography (Human) Geography (Physical) Geology Gerontology Government Grants History Hospitality and Tourism Management Human Resources Management Humanities Information Technology and Decision Sciences International Studies Interior Design Jewish Studies Journalism Kinesiology Latin American Studies Law and Legislation Learning Technologies LGBT Library and Information Sciences Linguistics Marketing and Advertising Materials Science and Engineering Mathematics and Statistical Methods Mechanical and Energy Engineering Medicine and Health Merchandising and Digital Retailing Military Studies Music Newspapers Philosophy Photography Physics Political science Psychology Public Administration Radio, Television and Film Recreation and Leisure Studies Reference Rehabilitation Studies Religion Sciences Social Sciences Social Work Sociology Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology Studio Art Technical Writing Theater Transportation and Aviation Logistics Women Studies/Gender World Languages, Literatures, & Cultures Browse Frequently Used: Academic Search Complete | EBSCOhost | JSTOR | Lexis Nexis Academic | ScienceDirect | Web of Knowledge Search for an e-Journal Search Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Numbers & Dates | Non-Roman Characters Browse Subjects: Art, Architecture & Applied Arts Business & Economics Earth & Environmental Sciences Engineering & Applied Sciences General Health & Biological Sciences History & Archaeology Journalism & Communications Languages & Literatures Law, Politics & Government Music, Dance, Drama & Film Philosophy & Religion Physical Sciences & Mathematics Social Sciences Browse Other Ways to Find Articles: Databases | Find Online Articles | Google Scholar Search the UNT Digital Collections Search Jump To: UNT Digital Library | The Portal to Texas History | UNT Scholarly Works Search the UNT Special Collections Search Jump To: Browse Finding Aids | Exhibits | Special Collections Search Subject & Course Guides Search Browse Subjects Browse Courses Search this Website Find information about the libraries, its services, policies, past news, events, exhibits, etc. SearchSearch Most Requested About Borrowing Citations & Styles Course Reserves Dept. Directory Faculty Services FAQs Interlibrary Loan Jobs Locations & Hours Media & Music Online Holds RefWorks | Legacy Renewing Study Rooms Subjects & Courses 24 Commons Account Login, ILL, & Renewals Borrowing & Returning Doing Research Getting Help Locations & Hours Paying Fines People & Departments Media & Music Search Course Reserves Services & Policies Reserve a Study Room (Students) Ask Us Your Questions 940.565.3245 Toggle Dropdown 940.565.3245 : Reference Help 940.565.2413 : Willis 940.369.7200 : Discovery Park 940.565.2194 : Eagle Commons 940.565.2480 : Media 940.565.2606 : Collection Management 940.565.3025 : Administrative Offices Dept. Directory Email Subject Librarians Problems Computers & Technology Facilities Website Other Find a Subject Librarian Study & Create Computers Printing Spaces Home Eight (formerly Twenty-One) Things to Do When Assuming Responsibility for a Federal Depository Library Eight (formerly Twenty-One) Things to Do When Assuming Responsibility for a Federal Depository Library Eight THINGS TO DO WHEN ASSUMING RESPONSIBILITY FOR A FEDERAL DEPOSITORY LIBRARY  Also see the FDLP Quickstart Guide. Identify basic information about your Depository. Locate the Depository Number Found in the FDL Directory, the depository number begins with a 0 and ends with a letter. It will be needed for any correspondence with GPO and for accessing most tools at FDLP.gov. Discover your Library’s designation date & type Found in the FDL Directory. Locate Depository Passwords If unsure of the depository passwords, contact GPO staff Contact your Regional Depository Library Found in the FDL Directory, the Regional Depository Library provides guidance and services such as interlibrary loan and reference to selective depository libraries it serves. Regional libraries must also assist selective libraries in disposing of unwanted items.  Item Selection Profile Found in Item Lister, the Item Selection Profile defines the items your depository receives from GPO. Locate the following program management tools FDLP.gov FDLP.gov is the primary communication vehicle GPO uses to communicate news about the FDLP. Legal Requirements & Program Regulations of the Federal Depository Library Program  The Legal Requirements & Program Regulations of the Federal Depository Library Program provides member libraries with a single, concise resource to consult for the current legal and Program obligations of libraries in the Federal Depository Library Program.  FDLP Guidance Guidance is based on broad topics and articles may reference multiple regulations and contains advice on how to comply with the FDLP regulations FDLP Instructions Instructions contains information on how to use various FDLP services and resources. WebTech Notes WEBTech Notes is designed to support the management of Federal depository library collections. Federal depository libraries use WEBTech Notes to search, browse, and view updates to Superintendent of Documents classification numbers and to List of Classes information.  Get to know Depository Collection Development Institution Collection Development Statement Locate a copy of your library’s collection development statement or policy for the documents collection. FDLP Basic Collection Every Federal Depository Library is required to have the titles in the basic collection accessible for immediate use. These titles are vital sources of information for the public’s right to know about the workings and essential activities of the Federal Government. Compare your item selection profile against this list. FDLP Essential Titles Essential titles list is a collection of U.S. Government information resources containing critical information that the U.S. Government Printing Office (GPO) plans to continue disseminating in tangible format in the Federal Depository Library Program (FDLP). Compare your item selection profile against this list. Depository Selection Information Management System (DSIMS) DSIMS allows libraries to drop publications and add online (EL) publications at any time. Meanwhile, libraries can queue adds into a cart at any time. The cart is processed at the start of each new fiscal year (October 1); therefore, there will no longer be an Annual Item Selection Update Cycle. DSIMS also provides enhanced backend functionality for GPO staff. Supporting Materials Does your library have a budget for reference materials that compliment and support the depository collection? If so, who’s responsible for ordering and how are orders placed? Locate records pertaining to your depository Locate records pertaining to your item selection Records could be in the form of item selection cards, printouts, or a locally created selection database. These will help determine current and past item selection profiles. If you cannot find any records the DSIMS and Documents Data Miner (DDM2) can provide selection profile information. Locate past shipping lists A minimum of 2-years of shipping lists should be retained. If marked properly, these shipping lists will show receipts, claims, etc. Locate copies of Biennial Surveys filed with GPO The Biennial Survey of Depository Libraries is the means by which depository libraries report their conditions to GPO. It is administered in odd numbered years and response is required by law. Individual library responses from the Biennial Survey are kept with the official records of each depository. Responses should also be kept by each depository and passed on to successive depository staff members. Access Biennial Survey results here. Locate copies of previous Inspection Reports or Self-Assessments Though formal on-site inspections are no longer done, records of any past inspections should have been retained by the depository coordinator. Public Access Assessments (PAA) are a tool for voluntary, internal use for educational or strategic planning purposes. They are designed to enable depository coordinators to become more familiar with their depository operations and to determine which areas need improvement or change. Locate annual reports made by the documents department to the Library’s administration Ask about the content and format for any future reports required by your administrators. Goals and Objectives are frequently used for planning/report purposes and are frequently linked to equipment/budget requests. Ask for copies of statistical reports Check for statistics needed from the documents department and the definitions used for "documents," piece counts, and monograph and serial holdings or subscriptions. Review the statistics required on the last GPO Biennial Survey. You should contact your regional librarian for advice on the types of statistics you should be collecting to demonstrate your effectiveness as a depository. Evaluate the Accessibility of the Collection Library Policies Review your library’s circulation, interlibrary loan and internet policies to ensure they keep in line with Legal Requirements & Program Regulations of the FDLP. If policies do not align with Legal Requirements work with your library administration to ensure public accessibility to the collections. Cataloging What are the cataloging arrangements for depository materials? If not in the library’s OPAC what arrangements have been made to provide access to depository collections? GPO’s cataloging guidelines can be found here. Collection Arrangement & Maintenance Review the accessibility of the collection. Is it comparable to other collections within your library? Is there adequate space for growth? Is a maintenance policy in place? Equipment Availability Does your library have the adequate equipment for accessing and using the collections, microforms, electronic materials, digital-born materials? Identify the Potential Clientele It is important to know the clientele your collection will be serving. An environmental scan will help determine the primary service population and their information needs. This information will drive collection development and outreach efforts. If there are other depositories in the community contact the coordinator to see how you might work together to better serve the community. Publicize & Promote the Collection Publicize the Collection Make sure it is visible to the public that your library is an FDLP member. Image files for websites as well as door decal and other promotional materials are available from GPO to publicize the FDLP collection. Promote the Collection Collection promotion can be done in an endless number of ways. See what your library currently has in place to promote collections and services to staff and patrons. A few ideas include websites, blogs, subject guides, workshops, displays, etc. Ask Questions & Stay Informed AskGPO AskGPO is the formal way to ask depository-related questions of GPO staff. FDLP Email Alerts Sign up for FDLP Email Alerts to get timely news from GPO about the FDLP. This list also notifies of GPO sponsored training events. GOVDOC-L GOVDOC-L is a LISTSERV(c)-based discussion forum about government information and the Federal Depository Library program. Many subscribers are librarians in and out of government, although private and public information producers are represented as well. Other helpful resources: FDLP Community Site: This site is designed to create an online interactive venue to discuss and promote government information. ALA Government Documents Round Table (GODORT): The purposes of the Government Documents Round Table are: to provide a forum for the discussion of problems and concerns and for the exchange of ideas by librarians working with government documents; to provide a nexus for initiating and supporting programs to increase the availability, use and bibliographic control of documents; to increase communication between documents librarians and the larger community of information professionals;  to contribute to the education and training of documents librarians. About Government Documents UNT DocsBlog Research Assistance Topics & Reference Tutorials FAQ Location   Sycamore Hall 1st Floor   Eagle Commons Library Locations & Hours Contact Us University of North Texas Libraries Government Documents P.O. Box 305190 Denton, TX 76203-5190 Phone: 940-565-4745 E-mail: govinfo@unt.edu Government Information Connection Staff Directory Locations & Hours Select Location Willis Library Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media Library Annex Mail University Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 Partnerships The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library. The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center. Contact 940.565.2411 Research Questions Staff Directory Computer & Technology Problems Facilities Problems Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home 