  library   help faq government 20documents Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  library   help faq government 20documents Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  library   help faq government 20documents Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  library   help faq government 20documents Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  library   help faq government 20documents Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  library   help faq government 20documents Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  library   help faq government 20documents Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  library   help faq government 20documents Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  library   help faq government 20documents Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  library   help faq government 20documents Frequently Asked Questions  Libraries  Frequently Asked Questions | University of North Texas Libraries Skip to main content Services for Persons with Disabilities Information for... Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors Persons with Disabilities UNT Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Other Library Sites UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History Finding Aids Exhibits Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website University Libraries UNT Libraries Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website MENU Home Research Services About Help News & Events Find Ask Us Accounts Login Start Your Research Search it All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections UNT Special Collections Subject & Course Guides This Website Not Sure Where to Start? Enter your search terms and we'll grab results from multiple systems for you at once. Search Search Many Sources for Articles: Search Peer-Reviewed Only Full-text Available Online. Advanced Search Other Ways to Find Articles: Journal Title | In a Database | e-Journals | Google Scholar Search the Catalog Search Keyword Title Journal Title Author Subject LC Call No. Dewey Call No. Other Call No. All Collections Media Library Music Library Discovery Park Library Electronic Resources Government Documents Special Collections The Factory (Makerspace) UNT Dallas Law Library More Catalog Options: Advanced Search | Music | Media | E-Books Search for a Database Search or... Go Directly to: or... Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z or... Browse Subjects: Browse by Subject Accounting Agriculture and Veterinary Science American Indian and International Indigenous Studies Anthropology Archeology Architecture Art and Artists Art History Art Iconography and Symbolism Astronomy Autism Behavior Analysis Biography Biology Business Chemical Engineering Chemistry Communication Studies Company and Industry Research Computer Science and Engineering Construction Engineering Technology Creative Writing Criminal Justice Current Events Dance Data and Statistics Dictionaries, Directories and Encyclopedias Economics Education Educational Counseling Electrical Engineering Emergency Administration and Planning Engineering Engineering Technology English Language and Literature Environmental Sciences Ethnic studies Fashion Design Finance Forensic Science Genealogy General and Interdisciplinary Geography (Human) Geography (Physical) Geology Gerontology Government Grants History Hospitality and Tourism Management Human Resources Management Humanities Information Technology and Decision Sciences International Studies Interior Design Jewish Studies Journalism Kinesiology Latin American Studies Law and Legislation Learning Technologies LGBT Library and Information Sciences Linguistics Marketing and Advertising Materials Science and Engineering Mathematics and Statistical Methods Mechanical and Energy Engineering Medicine and Health Merchandising and Digital Retailing Military Studies Music Newspapers Philosophy Photography Physics Political science Psychology Public Administration Radio, Television and Film Recreation and Leisure Studies Reference Rehabilitation Studies Religion Sciences Social Sciences Social Work Sociology Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology Studio Art Technical Writing Theater Transportation and Aviation Logistics Women Studies/Gender World Languages, Literatures, & Cultures Browse Frequently Used: Academic Search Complete | EBSCOhost | JSTOR | Lexis Nexis Academic | ScienceDirect | Web of Knowledge Search for an e-Journal Search Browse Titles: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Numbers & Dates | Non-Roman Characters Browse Subjects: Art, Architecture & Applied Arts Business & Economics Earth & Environmental Sciences Engineering & Applied Sciences General Health & Biological Sciences History & Archaeology Journalism & Communications Languages & Literatures Law, Politics & Government Music, Dance, Drama & Film Philosophy & Religion Physical Sciences & Mathematics Social Sciences Browse Other Ways to Find Articles: Databases | Find Online Articles | Google Scholar Search the UNT Digital Collections Search Jump To: UNT Digital Library | The Portal to Texas History | UNT Scholarly Works Search the UNT Special Collections Search Jump To: Browse Finding Aids | Exhibits | Special Collections Search Subject & Course Guides Search Browse Subjects Browse Courses Search this Website Find information about the libraries, its services, policies, past news, events, exhibits, etc. SearchSearch Most Requested About Borrowing Citations & Styles Course Reserves Dept. Directory Faculty Services FAQs Interlibrary Loan Jobs Locations & Hours Media & Music Online Holds RefWorks | Legacy Renewing Study Rooms Subjects & Courses 24 Commons Account Login, ILL, & Renewals Borrowing & Returning Doing Research Getting Help Locations & Hours Paying Fines People & Departments Media & Music Search Course Reserves Services & Policies Reserve a Study Room (Students) Ask Us Your Questions 940.565.3245 Toggle Dropdown 940.565.3245 : Reference Help 940.565.2413 : Willis 940.369.7200 : Discovery Park 940.565.2194 : Eagle Commons 940.565.2480 : Media 940.565.2606 : Collection Management 940.565.3025 : Administrative Offices Dept. Directory Email Subject Librarians Problems Computers & Technology Facilities Website Other Find a Subject Librarian Study & Create Computers Printing Spaces Home Help Frequently Asked Questions Frequently Asked Questions FAQ Categories Accounts & ID Cards Alumni, Visitors, Guests, Family Borrowing from Other Libraries Borrowing from the UNT Libraries Building Use Citations and Style Guides Computing, Laptops, Wireless Contact Information Copyright Data Management Databases & More Faculty Fines and Overdue Materials Government Documents Hours, Locations, Directions Locating Library Materials Off Campus & Material Delivery Other Photocopy & Printing Recommendations for Purchase Renewing Items Research Reserves Returning Items UNT Scholarly Works Search FAQs Are government documents copyrighted? Works of the U.S. federal government are generally not protected by copyright in the United States and are automatically in the public domain (17USC§ 105); however, there are numerous exceptions and refinements to this rule. For a detailed explanation of how copyright law is applied to government publications, see Frequently Asked Questions About Copyright: 3.0 U.S.Government Works and 4.0 Works Created Under a Federal Contractor Grant on the CENDI Web site. Also, be sure you know the difference between copyright infringement and plagiarism. State and local governments may, and often do, claim copyright in their publications. It is their prerogative to set policies that may allow, require, restrict, or prohibit claim of copyright on some or all works produced by their government units. (See CENDI FAQ 3.1.3) Do the UNT Libraries sell reproductions of Government-related posters? The UNT Libraries cannot print copies of posters or prints in our collection. The National Archives and Records Administration sells posters and facsimiles painstakingly reproduced from holdings in the National Archives. How can I get help researching government documents and legal materials? Government Documents Department staff members provide assistance when you have questions, need directions, or want advice about finding government, business, geographic, statistical, or legal information. See Government Documents Reference Services to find out what services we provide and how to obtain services. How can I obtain a copy of a U.S. military field manual or technical manual? Historical Manuals The UNT Libraries Government Documents Department owns hundreds of technical and field manuals published by the War Department and the Navy Department between 1939 and 1947. There are also numerous technical manuals (TMs) and field manuals (FMs) published from 1947 to present. There are several ways to obtain copies of technical manuals. The best way to determine if UNT owns the technical manual you are looking for is to search the Library Catalog. You may be able to obtain a copy through Interlibrary Loan. If you know which manuals you are looking for, submit the request at your local library’s Interlibrary Loan office, and they will try to borrow the manual from a library that owns it. If you wish to purchase a manual, Military/Info Publishing sells photocopies of technical manuals. Their site is organized by subject and by manual number. Recent Manuals More recent military manuals can be purchased through the U.S. Army Publishing Directorate. GlobalSecurity.org has posted PDF copies of a number of military manuals and guides. Select the department, then select from a list of titles and categories. Please contact us if you need further assistance. How can I obtain a grant, loan, or other assistance from the government? Many people look to the government to find out how to apply for a grant or to get "free money," which they have seen advertised on television or in various publications. Grants usually go to state and local governments or nonprofit organizations, which then use the money to operate assistance programs locally. It may be difficult for an individual to qualify for a federal grant. USA.gov, the official Web portal of the United States federal government, has a page explaining government Grants and Loans for individuals, as well as information about legitimate Grant and Loan Opportunities and Contact Information for grant- or benefit-sponsoring agencies. Our Financial Assistance page provides information on how to learn about and apply for financial assistance from federal, state, and local governmental and private sources. How can I research the background of a poster or print? Our short bibliography of Guides to World War I & II Posters lists books that provide background on World War I and World War II posters. Some of these books are available at UNT, and some may be available at other libraries or through Interlibrary Loan. More books about posters can be identified by doing a subject search in the Library Catalog with the "Collection" field set as "Government Documents". How do I cite a government document or legal publication in my research paper? Our Citation and Style Guides Web page provides general guidelines for citing various types of publication, including government documents and legal publications. Citation Guides and Style Manuals for Government Publications provides guidelines and examples for citing government documents in specific styles; provides guidelines for citing documents from specific government agencies; and provides guidelines on how to prepare certain types of documents for publication.  DocsCite, a service provided by the Arizona State University Libraries, automatically constructs a citation for you in MLA or APA format, based on information you enter. Several style manuals are available at the Eagle Commons Library Service Desk. If you are writing for a class or for publication, your instructor or publisher is always the final authority to consult for determining which style to use as well as for determining the proper format for a specific citation. In order to avoid last-minute deadline crises, we recommend that you always make a photocopy of the title page, and/or write down the call number of any government publication you use for research projects. Without this information, it is extremely difficult to relocate a document you may need for writing your bibliography. How do I find a government publication in the UNT Libraries? When using the Library Catalog: Open the Library Catalog search page. Enter in keywords, title, author, or subject*. Under the "Collection" field select Government Documents.  *If title is unknown, you can also browse or search electronically scanned documents and archived government websites through the Digital Collections.  How do I find information about the law (court cases, bills, statutes and codes, regulations, or law reviews)? Detailed information about finding and using legal resources is available in our Law Subject Guide. LexisNexis Academic provides online access to legal materials for members of the UNT community. ProQuest Congressional provides online access to congressional, legislative, and regulatory materials for members of the UNT community. LexisNexis State Capital provides online access to information about state law, legislation, and legislators for members of the UNT community. The following resources provide access to information about Texas law: Texas Legislature Online and Legislative Reference Library of Texas (legislation and statutes) Texas Administrative Code (rules and regulations) Texas Judicial Branch (courts, cases, and opinions) For further assistance with legal research, please visit the Eagle Commons Library Service Desk in Sycamore Hall, or contact the Government Documents Department by E-mail, postal mail, or telephone. The Government Documents staff are not attorneys or paralegals and are neither authorized nor qualified to practice law. We can help you identify and locate print and online sources and can assist you in using these sources, but we cannot conduct research for you, give you legal advice, or interpret laws or cases for you. How do I find U.S. Census information or other statistics? Information about the U.S. Census, including where to find data published by the Census, is available on our Census Subject Guide. Information about where to find statistical data published by federal, state, local, international, and foreign government agencies, as well as data available from commercial sources, is available on our Statistical Resources web page. How do I obtain copies of out-of-print government publications? Detailed information on locating out-of-print government documents is available on the "How to Obtain United States Government Publications" page.  How much is my vintage poster or print worth? The staff of the UNT Libraries are neither qualified nor permitted to provide appraisals of works of art. Our Posters and Prints page provides information on Researching and Evaluating Prints and Posters. It includes a list of Price Guides and a list of Professional Appraisers, some of whom may be able to give you a general idea of what your print or poster may be worth. I have an old stock certificate. How can I find if it has any value, and what happened to the company that issued it? Here are some Web sites that explain the research necessary to answer your question: The Goldsheet Obsolete Securities Page http://www.goldsheetlinks.com/obsolete.htm Stocks: Researching the Value of Old Certificates http://www.invest-faq.com/articles/stock-res-val-old.html Collectible Stocks and Bonds http://www.oldstocks.com/worth.htm For a list of paper and microfiche sources available at UNT, see Researching Old Stock Certificates in the UNT Libraries  If the company is no longer traded on any exchange, you will need to do some research to determine the value of the shares and/or redeeming the shares. We can't do the research for you, but here are some suggestions: First, be sure you have the following information, all of which should be on the certificate: The name of the company The date the shares were issued The state in which the company was incorporated The most basic question to resolve is whether the company still exists. It might have changed names, been purchased by another company, etc. The first thing you might do is call or write the transfer agent that is listed on the front of the certificate. A transfer agent handles transfers of stock certificates and should be able to advise you on their value. If the transfer agent no longer exists or cannot help you, you might try to contact the company directly. The stock certificate should show the state where the company was incorporated. Contact the Secretary of State in that state, and ask for the Business Corporations Section. (There are links to several state agency Web sites in the Goldsheet Obsolete Securities Web site listed above.) They should be able to give you a history of the company (when it began, merged, dissolved, went bankrupt, etc.). From there you can contact the existing company (if there is one) to find out the value. Even if the certificate turns out to be worthless as stock, old certificates can still have considerable value for collectors. The Web sites listed above give sources where you can look up the collector value of an old stock certificate. I'm not affiliated with UNT. Do I have access to the government publications and related services in your library? Yes, in most cases. As a U.S. Federal Depository Library and a Texas State Publications Depository Library, we provide reference assistance to the UNT community, to the citizens of the 26th Congressional District of Texas, and to the general public in Denton, in Texas, and throughout the world. All government publications are available for use in the library building. A picture I.D. (e.g., a driver license or passport) may be required to photocopy certain reserve materials. Some electronic materials are restricted to UNT students and faculty. Others may need to be installed on our computers before use. We recommend that you call our Service Desk at 940-565-2870 at least 24 hours in advance to find out if the electronic materials you need are available for use. For information about checking out government publications, please see Borrowing Government Documents May I check out government documents? Many government documents at UNT may be checked out at the Eagle Commons Library Service Desk by presenting a current I.D. card that is honored by the UNT Libraries. See the Circulation Policies & Procedures of the UNT Libraries for information about loan periods, checkout limits, renewals, fines, and replacement charges for lost or damaged materials. If you are not a UNT student, you may be eligible to apply for a UNT Libraries Courtesy Card, which may also be used to check out government documents. Some government documents are "non-circulating", which means they must be used in the library building, and may not be checked out. Exceptions to this rule are made in special cases, such as student class presentations or faculty research. Please call our Service Desk at 940-565-2870 for more information about "non-circulating" check-outs. May I reproduce the images in the UNT Libraries digital collections? Regarding all government documents digital collections: 1.1 The UNT Libraries cannot grant or deny permission to reproduce these images, as we are not the copyright holders for the original documents. 1.2 Many, but not all, government documents are in the public domain. You may check the original and/or digital versions to check for a copyright symbol and author name(s). 1.3 If you use a digital image from one of our collections, we request that you credit us as a source by including our institution name and the object’s URL. Please do this regardless of whether you publish the image in print or online. For example: [image] University of North Texas Libraries http://digital.library.unt.edu/data/govdocs/atoz/02/meta-dc-1806.tkl See our Copyright Information page or our Digital Libraries page for further information. May I use LexisNexis or ProQuest? How do I access these databases? LexisNexis products are available to anyone, including the general public, using any computer on the UNT campus. Currently enrolled UNT students and UNT faculty and staff can access LexisNexis products off campus with a UNT EUID and password. [See On & Off Campus Access] To access LexisNexis and ProQuest products from the Libraries home page Select the "Databases" tab from the "Start Your Research" menu. Enter "lexisnexis" or "proquest" and click the Search button, or select LexisNexis or ProQuest products from the drop-down menu under "Go Directly to:". Some products that were formerly owned by LexisNexis have been acquired by ProQuest. The following products are available at UNT: LexisNexis Academic has news, law reviews, and federal and state statutes, regulations, administrative decisions, and court cases. ProQuest Congressional (formerly LexisNexis Congressional) has federal legislative and congressional information. ProQuest Government Periodicals Index (formerly LexisNexis Government Periodicals Index) helps find articles in periodicals published by government agencies. ProQuest Statistical Insight (formerly LexisNexis Statistical) has national, state, local, and international statistics. What is a government document? According to the Federal Library Depository Act of 1962, a government document is defined as "informational matter which is published as an individual document at government expense, or as required by law" (44 U.S.C. § 1901). In general, most publications issued by international, federal, state, or local government agencies are considered government documents. These publications may be produced in a variety of formats, including printed paper, microfiche, and audiovisual materials. In recent years, government information resources have been expanded to include computerized formats such as CD-ROMs, DVDs, and Internet sites. Where are the original paper copies of the posters in the UNT Digital Library? The original World War I and II posters that were digitized by the UNT Libraries are on reserve in the Government Documents Department on the 3rd floor of Willis Library. These items are located in a locked room and are non-circulating, so if you would like to view them, please visit our Service Desk in person or Contact Us to schedule an appointment. Where can I get tax forms or IRS publications? Tax forms and publications can be obtained online at www.irs.gov or ordered over the telephone by calling 1-800-829-3676. For direct access to U.S. federal tax forms and publications, visit the IRS Forms and Publications page. At this site, you can scroll through a list of current IRS publications, select the document you need, and print it. Many of the most popular tax forms, instructions, and publications are available to the public free of charge at the Denton Public Library and at the downtown post office at 101 E. McKinney St. Our Taxes Subject Guide is a detailed guide to U.S. federal and state tax resources, including printable IRS forms and publications. Need help filing your tax form? Several programs provide free assistance with filling out and filing U.S. income tax forms: United Way's Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) members are available at the Denton Public Library at selected times during the weeks before April 15 to help you fill out your forms and answer tax related questions. The IRS Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) Program offers free tax help to people who earn less than $42,000. The Tax Counseling for the Elderly (TCE) Program offers free tax help to taxpayers who are 60 and older. The military also has a strong Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) Program. The Armed Forces Tax Council (AFTC) consists of the tax program coordinators for the Army, Air Force, Navy, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard. Call 1-800-829-1040 to find the VITA/TCE location and hours nearest your home and to see if you qualify for any of these programs. Please do not ask librarians tax law questions. They are not tax law specialists. Instead, call the IRS at 1-800-829-1040 for tax information. Where can I obtain military records? The National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) is the official repository for records of military personnel who have been discharged from the U.S. Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, Navy, and Coast Guard. NARA has compiled an extensive page on Military and Veterans Records at the National Archives, which gives detailed information on how to acquire military records from the U.S. Government. For more information on researching military records visit the Military Records section of the National Archives website.  Where can I obtain posters online? Many posters from the UNT Government Documents collection have been digitized and made available through the UNT Digital Library World War Poster Collection. See our World War I and II Posters page for a list of other Web sites that provide images of World War posters. See our Posters and Prints page for a list of Web sites that have posters on a variety of topics. Where can I purchase an original or a high-quality reproduction of a vintage poster? The UNT Libraries cannot print copies of posters or prints in our collection. Our Posters and Prints page includes suggestions for where to purchase posters and prints. Locations & Hours Select Location Willis Library Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media Library Annex Mail University Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 Partnerships The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library. The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center. Contact 940.565.2411 Research Questions Staff Directory Computer & Technology Problems Facilities Problems Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home 