s commencement   spring commencement overview Spring Commencement Overview Commencements commencement   spring commencement overview Spring Commencement Overview Commencements commencement   spring commencement overview Spring Commencement Overview Commencements commencement   spring commencement overview Spring Commencement Overview Commencements commencement   spring commencement overview Spring Commencement Overview Commencements commencement   spring commencement overview Spring Commencement Overview Commencements commencement   spring commencement overview Spring Commencement Overview Commencements commencement   spring commencement overview Spring Commencement Overview Commencements commencement   spring commencement overview Spring Commencement Overview Commencements commencement   spring commencement overview Spring Commencement Overview Commencement  Spring Commencement Overview | Commencement Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Spring Commencement » Spring Commencement Information for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Parking and Transportation Fall Commencement » Fall Commencement Information for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Regalia Directions & Parking » Directions & Parking Maps Search form Search Commencement MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Commencement Main menu Home Spring CommencementInformation for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Parking and Transportation Fall CommencementInformation for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Regalia Directions & ParkingMaps Spring Commencement Spring Commencement Spring Commencement Overview Learn about applying for graduation. Learn about fall ceremonies. About the Events UNT Graduation Block Party All graduation candidates and their guests are encouraged to join us from 5 p.m. to 9 p.m. on May 12 (Friday) for the UNT Graduation Block Party on Highland Street. The party will encompass the University Union's south lawn and extend into the Library Mall. The evening will be filled with festivities, including commemorative giveaways, a special gift for graduates, free festival-type food, food trucks, live music, games, photo ops, Scrappy, one drawing for a free class ring and another for free diploma frames, a special ice cream flavor in honor of graduation, and UNT merchandise and memorabilia available for purchase. Everything wraps up with fireworks and the UNT Alma Mater at dark. Bring your tassel and UNT ID to receive your free graduation gift and to be entered into the drawings. Parking will be available in the Fouts Field lots, the lots along Welch Street and in the Highland Street parking garage. Spring Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremonies Each college holds undergraduate college commencement ceremonies in May for bachelor's degree graduates that feature traditional commencement elements. At the Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremonies, degrees are conferred and all candidates are called by name, walk the stage, shake hands with college administration, and have their photo taken. Graduates wear their regalia at this event. Who can participate: If you graduate in May, you can participate in your college’s Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremony. To participate in a Spring Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremony, a candidate for May graduation must apply for graduation by the posted deadline, receive advisor approval on their graduation application, and RSVP that they plan to attend the ceremony. Learn more about applying for graduation. Undergraduate students who are planning to complete degree requirements during the summer must receive advisor approval and apply for graduation by Feb. 15thto participate in their college’s spring commencement ceremony. These candidates also must RSVP to attend the ceremony. Learn more about applying for graduation and deadlines Graduates can invite family and friends. Graduates and their guests are expected to remain for the duration of the ceremony. If graduation ceremonies reach seating capacity, guests will be directed to nearby venues to watch live broadcasts of the ceremonies on television screens. Due to fire codes and safety issues, there will be no standing room for guests. To participate in a Spring Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremony, a bachelor’s degree candidate must be a candidate for graduation at the time of the ceremony, must have applied for graduation and must RSVP using the link provided in the mailed graduation packet. Spring Doctoral and Master’s Commencement with Doctoral/M.F.A. Hooding The university holds a separate ceremony in May for master's and doctoral candidates that features traditional commencement elements and recognizes their unique accomplishments. Master’s candidates process to the stage, have their name called, walk the stage and shake hands with university administration, and have their photo taken. Doctoral and master of fine arts candidates (recipients of terminal degrees) are hooded during this ceremony by their faculty mentor(s). Candidates wear their regalia at this event. Degrees are also conferred during this event. Who can participate: Doctoral and master's students earning degrees in May will be recognized in the spring Doctoral and Master's Commencement. To participate in the spring Doctoral and Master's Commencement, graduate candidates must apply for graduation by the posted deadline and RSVP using the links provided in the mailed graduation packet. Master's candidates must have completed all degree requirements in the spring to participate in the spring ceremony. Master’s students who defend a thesis after April 15th may participate in the ceremony providing their major professor, department chair, and dean approve the request and forward it to the graduate school. Doctoral candidates must have defended their dissertation by April 15th for the graduate school to approve participation in the spring ceremony. Doctoral students who defend after April 15th may participate in the ceremony providing their major professor, department chair, and dean approve the request and forward to the graduate school. Contact graduation@unt.edu for more information. Substantial and exceptional circumstances warranting ceremony participation prior to degree completion require dean’s approval. Please contact your dean’s office for further information. Examples of exceptional circumstances include: A candidate with a parent with a terminal illness who wants to know their child has gotten the degree before he/she passes.  A candidate with a job overseas starting before ceremony date.  An international candidate whose family has a valid visa that will soon expire and the family fears they cannot get back into the U.S. to attend a later ceremony.  A candidate with family overseas who has purchased tickets well in advance and has obtained VISAs for the specific occasion/date. Learn about applying for graduation. Graduates can invite family and friends. There is no limit to the number of guests that graduates can invite to attend the Doctoral and Master’s Commencement. Graduates and their guests are expected to remain for the duration of the ceremony.   Visit Us Alumni Center Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-2000 Technical issues? Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 