 calendar   ride silence The Ride of Silence  Event Calendar calendar   ride silence The Ride of Silence  Event Calendar calendar   ride silence The Ride of Silence  Event Calendar calendar   ride silence The Ride of Silence  Event Calendar calendar   ride silence The Ride of Silence  Event Calendar calendar   ride silence The Ride of Silence  Event Calendar calendar   ride silence The Ride of Silence  Event Calendar calendar   ride silence The Ride of Silence  Event Calendar calendar   ride silence The Ride of Silence  Event Calendar calendar   ride silence The Ride of Silence  Event Calendar  The Ride of Silence | UNT Event Calendar Jump to Navigation Quick Links En Español MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Skip to content Search UNT: Calendar Search Calendar Search this site: Categories All Academics Alumni Association Conferences Cultural Diversity Dance & Theatre Dining Discovery Park Exhibits Films Governing Bodies Information Music Off Campus Programs Sales & Fundraisers Sports Staff Related Student Organizations TAMS Training UNT Yearly Events Union Events Volunteering Youth Camps The Ride of Silence The UNT Triathlon club is proud to announce the 5th Annual UNT/Denton Ride of Silence. The club has hosted the event for the last four consecutive years, fueled by the idea that every law abiding cyclist deserves to feel safe on the roads. Participants will meet in front of the UNT Union at approximately 6:45 pm to review the route and details for the ride. The ride will take place Wednesday, May 17th at 7:00pm. About the Ride of SilenceThis international movement started in Dallas in 2003 after beloved endurance cyclist Larry Schwartz died after being hit by the mirror of a passing bus. Since then, the ride has spread to hundreds of locations worldwide. The event exists to honor those who have been injured or killed while cycling, to raise awareness of cyclists on the road, and to remind all users to share the road.The Denton ride is an 8-mile loop beginning on the UNT campus and traveling up to North Lakes Park and around the square before returning to campus. The ride will be no faster than 12MPH and anyone with a bike and helmet are welcome to participate. What makes this event unique is that the entire ride is done in silence. Cyclists will take to the roads in a silent procession to honor cyclists who have been killed or injured while cycling on public roadways and raise awareness of the rights of cyclists and motorists. Although cyclists have a legal right to share the road with motorists, the general public is often unaware of these rights.CommentsWe look forward to seeing everyone at the event! Regardless of whether you ride a road bike, triathlon bike, mountain bike, fixie, beach cruiser, or commuter bike, everyone with a helmet is welcome to join us. We will maintain a leisurely pace and nobody will be left behind. Let’s ride together to remember those we’ve lost and to raise awareness for cyclist’s right to use the road.ContactTo stay informed, RSVP to “2017 UNT/Denton Ride of Silence” FacebookFor questions, contact Tim McCurry at Tim.McCurry5@gmail.com Where: 1155 Union Cir # 239, Denton, TX 76203 When: Wednesday, May 17, 2017 - 6:45am - 8:30pm How much: Free Sponsor: Jeff Allen Event open to: UNT community Website: Ride of Silence Contacts: Jeff Allen jeff.allen@UNT.Edu 940-453-9020 University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277              Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Phone: (940) 565-2000 People & Departments   Undergraduate admissions Graduate admissions International admissions Housing information For questions about content in this web site, contact urcm@unt.edu. UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Universities Center at Dallas 