  opgf     opgf     opgf     opgf     opgf     opgf     opgf     opgf     opgf     opgf     University of North Texas Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleMail Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Office for NationallyCompetitive Scholarships         The UNT Office for Nationally Competitive Scholarship (formerly the Office of Postgraduate Fellowships) assists undergraduate and graduate students in identifying and pursuing externally funded research and study opportunities. Dr. James Duban, director of the office, invites students to inquire about the preparation and credentials necessary to compete successfully for such postgraduate awards as Rhodes, Marshall, Fulbright, James Madison, Harry S. Truman, Andrew W. Mellon, and National Science Foundation scholarships and fellowships. This site describes the scholarships that are generally considered the most prestigious. Many other scholarships are available, and information about those will be provided upon request from this office. Even freshmen and sophomores should begin thinking about postgraduate prospects. This site describes four undergraduate scholarships: the Barry M. Goldwater Scholarship, the Morris K. Udall Scholarship, the Rotary Ambassadorial Scholarships, and the Ronald E. McNair Post-Baccalaureate Achievement Scholarship. The awards are intrinsically worth pursuing and have the added benefit of enhancing a student's prospects for receiving a postgraduate fellowship. Note, as well, that the Harry S. Truman Scholarship, awarded to college juniors, funds a senior year of study and two-to-three years of graduate study. Applying for a national scholarship is a "no lose" situation, since undergraduates are able to channel their essays into conventional graduate school applications. They thereby enhance their prospects for being accepted into a graduate program and for receiving internal fellowship support. Graduate students, in turn, often end up formulating a dissertation proposal from the writing which they undertake as part of the process of applying for a national scholarship. Most postgraduate fellowship deadlines occur from September through November. Serious contenders should begin researching, writing, and organizing their applications in the spring and summer preceding fall deadlines. In some cases, such as with Marshall, Rhodes, and Truman scholarships, UNT faculty screening committees read applications and invite the most promising candidates to on-campus interviews. The screening committees then decide whom to nominate to represent UNT at state and regional levels of competition. Finalists interact intensively and regularly with these committees to prepare for off-campus interviews. How to Proceed on This Website (PDF Version) Postgraduate Scholarships and Fellowships Rhodes Scholarships British Marshall Scholarships U.S. Fulbright Graduate Student Program George Washington Fellows Programin Religion and Public Life Harry S. Truman Scholarships James Madison Memorial Fellowship National Science Foundation The Metropolitan Museum of Art AED Public Policy and International Affairs Fellowship Program The Kate Neal Kinley MemorialFellowship Andrew W. Mellon Fellowships in Humanistic Studies Ford Foundation Predoctoral and Dissertation Fellowships for Minorities Hughes Predoctoral Fellowships in Biological Sciences American Association of University Women Educational Foundation Spencer Foundation Dissertation Fellowships for Research Related to Education Phi Kappa Phi Emerging Scholar Awards and Study Abroad Awards   UNT Phi Kappa Phil Chapter Scholarship Page Deadlines may vary from year to year. Confirmation is the responsibility of the applicant. Distinctive Undergraduate Scholarships Barry M. Goldwater Scholarship University of North TexasRonald E. McNairPost-Baccalaureate Achievement Program The Morris K. Udall Scholarship in National Environmental Policy The Rotary Ambassadorial Scholarships Scholarships for International Students Ford International Fellowships Program International Fellowship Programs Karman Fellowship Trust International Masters Students Korean American Scholarship Foundation Margaret McNamara Memorial Fund NAFSA: About International Education International Research Students   650 Graduate Scholarship and Fellowship Opportunities External Funding for Graduate Studentsfrom the Cornell University Graduate School Fellowship Notebook   Dr. Duban confers with students applying for externally funded scholarships and fellowships, including those opportunities described on this site. He also works with students wishing to apply for other postgraduate scholarships. The Office of Nationally Competitive Scholarship is in The Loft, Room 140. For information, call Dr. Duban at (940) 565-2820 or send an email to jduban@unt.edu.     Other Pages on This Site Links to Other Sites Postgraduate Scholarships and FellowshipsDistinctive Undergraduate Fellowships 650 Graduate Scholarships and Fellowships Cornell University Fellowship Notebook MSU: Grants to Individuals (by Field of Study) Pomona Graduate Fellowships Office DFW International Scholarships for Minorities UNC: Scholarships by Year of Study UNC: Scholarships by Field of Study National Student Exchange The Jeannette Rankin Women's Education Fund UNT Library Resources for Financial Aid and Scholarships Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Office Ronald E.McNair Scholars Program Trio Center for Student Development UNT Honors College Office of Women's Studies Study Abroad Center Science Careers Funding NCSU Fellowships Page National Scholarship Winners and Finalists I National Scholarship Winners and Finalists II National Scholarship Winners and Finalists III National Scholarship Winners and Finalists IV National Scholarship Winners and Finalists V National Scholarship Winners and Finalists VI National Scholarship Winners and Finalists VII National Scholarship Winners and Finalists VIII National Scholarship Winners and Finalists IX National Scholarship Winners and Finalists X National Scholarship Winners and Finalists XI National Scholarship Winners and Finalists XII National Scholarship Winners and Finalists XIII   Overview of UNT Success Stories   Contact Information: University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Phone: (940) 565-2000 For technical issues: galtuna@unt.edu. Email us: jduban@unt.edu Undergraduate admissions Graduate admissions International admissions Housing information UNT System: UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Universities Center at Dallas Site last updated on: April 9, 2012 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 