 transportation   Transportation Services transportation   Transportation Services transportation   Transportation Services transportation   Transportation Services transportation   Transportation Services transportation   Transportation Services transportation   Transportation Services transportation   Transportation Services transportation   Transportation Services transportation   Transportation Services  Transportation Services Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Transit Parking Event & Group Parking News Visitor Information Parents Guide About Us Search form Search Transportation Services MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Transportation Services Main menu Home Transit Parking Event & Group Parking News Visitor Information Parents Guide About Us Bus Schedules See current bus routes for UNT and transportation notices More Information Buy Permits Check our FAQ page for access to commonly asked questions. More Information Manage Account Received a citation and unsure what to do next? More Information University of North Texas Transportation Services Our job is to provide transportation within and around the UNT campus. Alternative Parking Options We at Transportation Services offer several different options for event participants: Read more about Alternative Parking Options Friendly Reminders ·         It is possible to attend UNT for four (4) years, park on campus every day and never receive a parking ticket if you comply with the parking rules and regulations. ·         We always have parking available on class days; however, that parking may not be next to the building or the individual’s parking lot of choice. Read more about Friendly Reminders Why are parking permit rates different for various types of permits? Permit prices are established based upon a number of factors, primarily including: ·         Location of spaces – the closer or more preferred the location the more expensive. The same principle is used at the airport where ‘terminal” parking is significantly more expensive than “remote” parking. Read more about Why are parking permit rates different for various types of permits? Why do we need to increase parking permit rates? Our costs to provide and operate our parking program have increased significantly: ·         Asphalt for repaving – on average increased 74% with significant expected increases as oil prices continue to rise in the marketplace ·         Cement for concrete paving – on average increased 160% with additional increases expected in the short term Read more about Why do we need to increase parking permit rates? I cannot purchase a permit online, what do I do? Please bring your student, Faculty, or Staff ID to the UNT Parking office, located on the first floor of the Highland Street Parking Garage, just east of the Business Leadership Building. 20-minute parking on Ave A is available. If I purchased my permit online how do I print it out?  (Heading Accordion Style) At the end of your online purchase, there will be a notification box at the bottom of the page that will direct you to your printable temporary permit. This permit will be valid until you actual permit arrives in the mail.  Read more about I cannot purchase a permit online, what do I do? My permit hasn’t come in the mail, and my temporary Permit has expired, what do I do? Please bring your student ID to the UNT Parking office, located on the first floor of the Highland Street Parking Garage, the entrance to the Parking Office is on the west side of the garage directly across from the Business Leadership Building. 20-minute parking on Ave A is available. We will be able to help you get a replacement permit if necessary.  Read more about My permit hasn’t come in the mail, and my temporary Permit has expired, what do I do? What do I do if I’m driving a rental car? If you own a UNT Parking Permit, you can transfer the permit from your regular vehicle to the rental car; the sticker is made to move from one vehicle to another. If you do not have a UNT parking permit, you will need to purchase a temporary day pass from the UNT Parking office, or pay to park in an hourly areas. Read more about What do I do if I’m driving a rental car? How do I register a second vehicle? If you have two or more vehicles you will be driving to campus, you will need to register your second/other vehicle at transportation.unt.edu. Click on- “manage my account” and then “add a vehicle”. Note that ONLY 1 permit is allowed per customer. Permits can be transferred between multiple vehicles if needed. Read more about How do I register a second vehicle? Can I move my permit between vehicles? If you own a UNT Parking Permit, you can transfer the permit from your regular vehicle to another vehicle you own; the sticker is made to move from one vehicle to another. You will need to register your second/other vehicle at transportation.unt.edu , click on “manage my account” and then “add a vehicle”.  Read more about Can I move my permit between vehicles? When is the UNT Parking office open? The normal office hours are from 7:30am to 5:00pm, Monday through Friday. Read more about When is the UNT Parking office open? Pages1234next ›last » Visit Us Highland Street Parking Garage 620 Central Ave Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #310948 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3020 transportation.services@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 04, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links 