 policy   Welcome to  Policy Office University Policy Office policy   Welcome to  Policy Office University Policy Office policy   Welcome to  Policy Office University Policy Office policy   Welcome to  Policy Office University Policy Office policy   Welcome to  Policy Office University Policy Office policy   Welcome to  Policy Office University Policy Office policy   Welcome to  Policy Office University Policy Office policy   Welcome to  Policy Office University Policy Office policy   Welcome to  Policy Office University Policy Office policy   Welcome to  Policy Office University Policy Office  Welcome to UNT Policy Office! | University Policy Office Skip to main content University Policy Office Menu Call us Email Us UNT Map HomeFAQPolicy manualResourcesPolicy updatesAbout the Policy OfficePopular linksBackApply NowTake a TourGet More InfoTalk with UsGet SocialFor Parents University Policy Office Search form Search Search MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map UNT Calendar Jobs at UNT Give to UNT Home FAQ Policy manual Resources Policy updates About the Policy Office MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map UNT Calendar Jobs at UNT Give to UNT Search form Search Search Home FAQ Policy manual Resources Policy updates About the Policy Office Welcome to UNT Policy Office! The official repository for the university policy manual, policy updates, and information about policy management process.   Welcome to the University Policy Office (UPO). The University Policy Office, in collaboration with policy owners, develops, oversees and maintains the University’s policy process; facilitates the development, review, approval, and maintenance of University-wide policies by partnering with policy owners to create, revise, and distribute University-wide policies; and acts as the official repository and point-of-contact regarding University-wide policies. Please familiarize yourself with the policies of the University of North Texas. The contact persons identified on the policy description page should be the first contact point for any questions you may have. For questions about the policy development and approval process, please contact the University Policy Office at (940) 565-4535. The official policies and procedures of the University of North Texas (UNT) are intended to provide general information.  UNT reserves the right to make changes at any time to reflect current board policies, administrative regulations and procedures and amendments required by state and federal law.  Information provided is subject to change without notice and does not constitute a contract between UNT and its faculty and staff.  About the policy office Policy updates May 09, 2017 Annual Review New Policy The original Reappointment, Tenure, and Promotion policy was broken into several smaller policies. 06.007 is one of the break out policies. May 09, 2017 Time Period Exclusion from the Probationary Period Deleted Content from 06.008 (15.0.2) has been updated and incorporated into 06.004. Effective 05/09/2017. May 09, 2017 Pre-Finals Days, Reading Day, and Final Examinations Revision Revised to include the expectations for classes with irregular or compressed schedules. Effective 05/09/2017. More updates News August 30, 2016 New Policy Numbering System Effective September 1, 2016 In order to streamline access to the UNT policies, University Policy Office has developed a new numbering system. This system mirrors the one currently used for the Regents Rules. RSS Feed More news    Top Main Menu Home FAQ Policy manual Resources Policy updates About the Policy Office University Links MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map UNT Calendar Jobs at UNT Give to UNT Email & Phone  policy@unt.edu  940-565-4535 University Policy Office   Find UNT on Google Maps   1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information Call us Email Us UNT Map Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links 