 identityguide    Identity Guide Identity Guide identityguide    Identity Guide Identity Guide identityguide    Identity Guide Identity Guide identityguide    Identity Guide Identity Guide identityguide    Identity Guide Identity Guide identityguide    Identity Guide Identity Guide identityguide    Identity Guide Identity Guide identityguide    Identity Guide Identity Guide identityguide    Identity Guide Identity Guide identityguide    Identity Guide Identity Guide  UNT Identity Guide | Identity Guide Skip to main content Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Search form Search Identity Guide A guide to strengthening UNT’s brand, story, look and feel UNT Identity Guide Understandour brand UNT’s core values, brand positioning & personality Tellour story How to write about UNT & use the university name Createour look How to use our logos, marks, colors, fonts, photography & design Buildyour project Specific requirements & best practices for web, social media, print & advertising Downloadbrand toolkits Download logos, templates, theme art, images & video Need help? Contact us. Showcasing greatness Established in 1890, the University of North Texas is one of the nation's largest public universities. We inspire our students through knowledge and opportunity. We transform the region and the state through research and education. We are a catalyst for discovery and innovation. We fuel creativity and progress for the North Texas region and the state. The key to growing our reputation is consistency. That’s why our new UNT Identity Guide gives you the tools and direction you need to help build an even greater UNT. This guide outlines the communication standards that will strengthen our brand through consistent visual and narrative expression. It was created to help you understand how to use the elements that make up the University of North Texas brand identity system: Lettermark, wordmark and associated lockups Key messages and supporting facts Color, photography/videography and design Through examples and simple direction, this guide will show you how elements of UNT’s brand identity combine to communicate a consistent image of UNT through your print and electronic communications. Learn more about why we have narrative and visual communications standards. >> Visit Us University Service Building 2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205 Mail Us University Relations, Communications & Marketing 1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2108 urcm@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 