 classroomsupport   Welcome Classroom Support Services classroomsupport   Welcome Classroom Support Services classroomsupport   Welcome Classroom Support Services classroomsupport   Welcome Classroom Support Services classroomsupport   Welcome Classroom Support Services classroomsupport   Welcome Classroom Support Services classroomsupport   Welcome Classroom Support Services classroomsupport   Welcome Classroom Support Services classroomsupport   Welcome Classroom Support Services classroomsupport   Welcome Classroom Support Services  Welcome | Classroom Support Services Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home Search Classrooms For Faculty & Instructors » For Faculty & Instructors CSS Computer Setup How to Use CSS Remote Closed Captioning Tips for Instructors Scheduling Rooms Software Updates from Vendors Equipment Information College Computer Support Contacts Classroom Seating Chart AV Equipment for other Events Student Spotlight Scope & Level of Service » Scope & Level of Service Equipment Repair F.A.Q Contact Us Classroom Support Services MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now University of North Texas Classroom Support Services Main menu Home Search Classrooms For Faculty & InstructorsCSS Computer Setup How to Use CSS Remote Closed Captioning Tips for Instructors Scheduling Rooms Software Updates from Vendors AV Equipment for other Events Classroom Seating Chart College Computer Support Contacts Equipment Information Student Spotlight Scope & Level of Service F.A.Q Contact Us Classroom Support Services (CSS) is your starting point when it comes to classroom teaching technology at the University of North Texas. CSS has been in operation for over 16 years and manages approximately 300 UNT classrooms. We provide services that thrive on integration and teamwork with UNT students, faculty, staff, private vendors and other on-campus service providers to work towards our shared goal of the best classroom experience possible. CSS is dedicated to excellent customer service and strives for open and positive communications with our end users so that we can always be improving our products and services. Thank you for being a part of the team! Contact Us Web ticket Call Us 940.565.2691 Email Us ClassroomSupport Help! Get Help Welcome Computer Updates Classroom Support Services image updates for 04/20/2017 These are our software updates for this week. CSS News Wifi in the classroom... Classroom Support Services (CSS) is your starting point when it comes to classroom teaching technology at the University of North Texas. CSS has been in operation for over 16 years and manages approximately 300 UNT classrooms. We provide services that thrive on integration and teamwork with UNT students, faculty, staff, private vendors and other on-campus service providers to work towards our shared goal of the best classroom experience possible. CSS is dedicated to excellent customer service and strives for open and positive communications with our end users so that we can always be improving our products and services. Thank you for being a part of the team! Visit Us Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 243 Denton, Tx 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-2691 ClassroomSupport@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on April 20, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on April 20, 2017 | Important Links 