 ombuds   Welcome to the Ombuds Office Ombuds Office ombuds   Welcome to the Ombuds Office Ombuds Office ombuds   Welcome to the Ombuds Office Ombuds Office ombuds   Welcome to the Ombuds Office Ombuds Office ombuds   Welcome to the Ombuds Office Ombuds Office ombuds   Welcome to the Ombuds Office Ombuds Office ombuds   Welcome to the Ombuds Office Ombuds Office ombuds   Welcome to the Ombuds Office Ombuds Office ombuds   Welcome to the Ombuds Office Ombuds Office ombuds   Welcome to the Ombuds Office Ombuds Office  Welcome to the Ombuds Office! | Ombuds Office Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Ombuds Office Home FAQs Resources Contact OMBLOG Service Improvement Survey   Belinda Newman, Ph.D UNT Ombuds Chilton Hall Suite 140   Phone:   940-369-8166 Fax:   940-369-8119 Email:   ombuds@unt.edu Welcome to the Ombuds Office! The Office of the Ombuds is a resource for UNT faculty and staff. The office actively promotes and supports a fair, respectful, and safe workplace by providing university employees with a confidential, informal, neutral and impartial means of preventing or resolving workplace concerns, problems, or disputes. The purpose of the Ombuds Office is to insure that every voice at the University of North Texas can be heard, without fear of loss of privacy, retribution, retaliation, and that problems can receive impartial attention. The Ombuds helps individuals identify options for fair and equitable outcomes, and fosters civility and mutual respect. The Office supplements, but does not replace, any existing grievance mechanisms or modes of redress. The Ombuds reports administratively to the President of the University and has the full cooperation of University personnel. We believe we can be most effective if we meet with you, but if you prefer, we will work with you over the telephone. We generally do not work through e-mail and discourage you from e-mailing any confidential information. Privacy guidelines for your protection UNT Policy on the Ombuds Office Ombuds Standards of Practice Contact Us: Ombuds Office 1155 Union Circle #310679 Denton, TX 76203 USA Voice: 940-369-8166 Fax: 940-369-8119 Visit Us: Chilton Hall Suite 140 http://ombuds.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. ombuds@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on December 7, 2012 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 