s news   news releases  professor gets new opportunity combine leadership skills and science  professor gets new opportunity to combine leadership skills and science News s news   news releases  professor gets new opportunity combine leadership skills and science  professor gets new opportunity to combine leadership skills and science News s news   news releases  professor gets new opportunity combine leadership skills and science  professor gets new opportunity to combine leadership skills and science News s news   news releases  professor gets new opportunity combine leadership skills and science  professor gets new opportunity to combine leadership skills and science News s news   news releases  professor gets new opportunity combine leadership skills and science  professor gets new opportunity to combine leadership skills and science News s news   news releases  professor gets new opportunity combine leadership skills and science  professor gets new opportunity to combine leadership skills and science News s news   news releases  professor gets new opportunity combine leadership skills and science  professor gets new opportunity to combine leadership skills and science News s news   news releases  professor gets new opportunity combine leadership skills and science  professor gets new opportunity to combine leadership skills and science News s news   news releases  professor gets new opportunity combine leadership skills and science  professor gets new opportunity to combine leadership skills and science News s news   news releases  professor gets new opportunity combine leadership skills and science  professor gets new opportunity to combine leadership skills and science News   UNT professor gets new opportunity to combine leadership skills and science | News| University of North Texas Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT News News by TopicArts & Music Business Education Engineering General News Humanities Public Service Research Science Social Science TAMS Image Gallery Video Gallery Our Experts Contact Us Send your stories UNT professor gets new opportunity to combine leadership skills and science Pamela Padilla, UNT associate professor of biology and associate dean of research and graduate studies, College of Science. download image Monday, April 24, 2017 - 13:16 Submitted by Tanya O'neil on Mon, 04/24/2017 - 1:21pm Category: Faculty & Staff Faculty Success General News Research DENTON, Texas (UNT) — Pamela Padilla, an associate professor of biology at the University of North Texas and Associate Dean of Research and Graduate Studies in the new College of Science has spent her career studying science, doing research in the field of genetics and teaching. Her efforts have brought her great success with everything from awards to publications. Now she has a new honor that comes with a new career focus. She was recently accepted to an advanced leadership institute and wants to help bring new leadership skills to her fellow scientists. “It’s a new type of training that you don’t typically get as a scientist, but I think it will help us be better scientists,” said Padilla. “Doing science requires you to run your research program, be a good communicator and get your ideas across for funding. Science is very collaborative and requires communication and leadership skills, so it is good to develop these skill sets.” The leadership institute is a partnership between the Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI) and The Society for Advancement of Chicanos/Hispanics and Native Americans in Science (SACNAS). It’s the second year they are holding this event, and only 15 scientists from academia, industry and government from across the nation were invited. “It’s nice to know that HHMI is interested in developing more scientific leaders, specifically minorities,” said Padilla. The event will be held this coming June at the institute’s campus in D.C. Padilla said she is excited to not only learn new skills, but to pass them along to her students. “I want to teach them everything from problem solving to professional skills and communication,” she said. “I want to give them as much information as possible. It would be good for them to be told up front what they need to have a career in science.”  The leadership institute is also a chance to bring Padilla’s career full circle. She has a 20-year history with SACNAS, a non-profit organization that is the largest STEM diversity group in the nation.  “I presented my first poster proposal at a SACNAS conference in my home state of New Mexico as an undergrad,” she said. “For me being part of this leadership program is a way I can give back to that next generation.” UNT News Service Phone Number: (940) 565-2108 Contact: (940) 565-2943 Email: Tanya.O'neil@unt.edu Follow us Visit Us University Service Building 2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2000 news_service@unt.edu Site last updated on May 9, 2017 Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home 