 printingservices   New Promo Place Apparel Website Printing and Distribution Services printingservices   New Promo Place Apparel Website Printing and Distribution Services printingservices   New Promo Place Apparel Website Printing and Distribution Services printingservices   New Promo Place Apparel Website Printing and Distribution Services printingservices   New Promo Place Apparel Website Printing and Distribution Services printingservices   New Promo Place Apparel Website Printing and Distribution Services printingservices   New Promo Place Apparel Website Printing and Distribution Services printingservices   New Promo Place Apparel Website Printing and Distribution Services printingservices   New Promo Place Apparel Website Printing and Distribution Services printingservices   New Promo Place Apparel Website Printing and Distribution Services  New - Promo Place Apparel Website | Printing and Distribution Services Jump to Navigation skip Quick Links MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Printing and Distribution Services Printing Services »Consulting, design & printing Eagle Images »Your source for printing needs Mail Services »1st class, intercampus, UPS, etc. Place An Order »Printing, stationery, etc. Primary links PDS Home »back to the home page Promotional ItemsOrder UNT-branded promo items Staff Directory »meet our employees New - Promo Place Apparel Website We have selected a variety of apparel choices and grouped them togethermaking it easy to order.  No need to wait for pricing, it's all available online.Choose your apparel - select your logo style - submit your order!Just click on the image above!  Promotional Products Now Available For Browsing Online   Printing and Distribution Solutions is pleased to announce the latest addition in our line of quality services. PDS is now a distributor for purchasing branded promotional products that promote our family of brands – UNT, North Texas and Mean Green. This new program will provide the UNT community a below-retail cost advantage and exceptional customer service when purchasing branded products. This program features an online catalog that you can browse with easy to navigate product categories with a large variety of items. Please visit our website: http://www.promoplace.com/untpromos to start shopping for your promotional items today.   Contact Information: University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #309615 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Phone: (940) 565-2005 People & Departments Email us: Undergraduate admissions Graduate admissions International admissions Housing information For questions about content in this web site, contact urcm@unt.edu. UNT System: UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 