 studentaffairs   university union retail and dining design works Design Works Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union retail and dining design works Design Works Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union retail and dining design works Design Works Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union retail and dining design works Design Works Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union retail and dining design works Design Works Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union retail and dining design works Design Works Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union retail and dining design works Design Works Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union retail and dining design works Design Works Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union retail and dining design works Design Works Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   university union retail and dining design works Design Works Division of Student Affairs  Design Works | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home University Union » Home About Us » About Us Staff Union Board of Directors University History House Guidelines Marketing at the Union Union Pavers Things to Do » Things to Do University Program Council (UPC) Fine Arts Series Union Fest Perks Ticket Sales Union Art Gallery Jazz Music in the Union Plan an Event » Plan an Event Student Organization General Public Department Retail & Dining » Retail & Dining Retail Dining Barnes and Noble at UNT Wells Fargo Design Works The Mainframe Eagle Images ATMs Eagle Post Visit » Visit Maps & Directions Tours Parking In the Union Accessibility Loading Dock Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs University Union Home About UsStaff Union Board of Directors University History House Guidelines Marketing at the Union Union Pavers Things to DoUniversity Program Council (UPC) Fine Arts Series Union Fest Perks Ticket Sales Jazz Music in the Union Union Art Gallery Plan an EventDepartment General Public Student Organization Retail & DiningRetail Dining Barnes and Noble at UNT Wells Fargo Design Works The Mainframe Eagle Images ATMs Eagle Post VisitMaps & Directions Accessibility In the Union Loading Dock Parking Tours Contact DSA Home Design Works N E E D  A  D E S I G N ? Design Works employs a student staff of award winning designers. Designers are available for brochures, logos, flyers, scans, and basic setups.  Designers meet with customers throughout the design process to ensure customer satisfaction. For pricing, please reference price sheets below or contact the Design Works Office. Contact Information  Phone: 940.565.3829Fax: 940.369.8772 Email: union.designworks@unt.edu Location: University Union, Suite 223  Hours: Monday-Thursday 8:00 AM - 7:00 PM |  Friday 8:00 AM  -  5:00 PM | Saturday 10:00 AM - 2:00 PM UNT Department Pricing  |  Student Pricing DESIGN WORKS processes jobs as fast as possible to get the finished product to our customers. A three day turn around on print or shop jobs can be expected during our busier times. We cannot print copy-written images. Have a custom or unique print job? Call ahead and we can provide a time and price estimate! Large Format Printing Our printers are HP Design Jets - 600dpi capability. We print with UV ink. Design Works has several different options for large format printing. Paper Options and Maximum Sizes Regular paper - Heavy weight paper (35lb weight) up to 59” wide Semi Gloss Paper - Heavy weight paper with a satin finish up to 41” wide Glossy Paper - Heavy weight paper with a high gloss up to 41” wide Outdoor Material – up to 41“ wide vinyl scrim, waterproof, tear resistant, fade resistant *Samples of each paper are available at the Design Works office. Large format printing is charged by the square inch. Setting up the print job yourself? Design Works is not responsible for spelling errors or color matching from outside files. A one inch color test strip is recommended. Design Works can print from many different graphics and word processing programs - please call ahead to check on compatibility. Remember files downloaded from the web, when enlarged, will become fuzzy or blurred. We do not recommend their use in large format printing. Design Works's turnaround time depends on work load. Design Works requires at least one week (five working days) on large print orders or print order requiring setup. Please let us know when you need the job done when you are placing the order. Balloons  Latex Balloons We have 11" latex balloons in the primary (red, yellow, blue) and secondary (green, orange, purple) colors - also available in black, white, lime green and pastel colors (please call for pastel color availability). Latex balloons have a life span of 8-12 hours. Mylar Balloons We have mylar balloons containing various designs for special occasions (birthday, get well, congratulations, we'll miss you, good luck, we appreciate you, I love you, etc.). We also have mylar balloons in several solid colors (please call for availability). Mylar balloons have a life span of 2-4 days. Specialty Balloons We have a selection of specialty mylar balloons that have various designs and shapes. Please come by Design Works office to see different balloon choices. Pop-Up Shop Check out our pop-up shop at the front of Design Works! We have buttons, greeting cards, a Denton-themed coloring book, compliment cards, and more. Follow Design Works on Instagram to see more of our handmade products and find out what our designers and shop assistants are up to during the week! Decals Window Decal Waterproof, adhesive but adjustable, up to 35 inches wide. Not recommended for long-term outdoor use. Banners, Posters and Signage  Banners Banners are printed from our large format 600 dpi printers. The typical banner size is 8' x 3'. The price of one banner includes 3 grommets; additional grommets may be added for an extra charge. To post banners inside or outside of the Union, please submit an Indoor Banner Form or Outdoor Banner Form. Indoor Banner Form Outdoor Banner Form Posters and Flyers Some standard poster sizes are 8.5"x11", 11"x17", 12”x18” 17"x23", 22"x28", and 24"x36". We can adjust to print any poster size, although size limit may apply. Posters can be emailed to Design Works, brought in on a disk or flash drive, or can  Lawn Signs and Laminating  Lawn Signs Lawn signs are available from Design Works. The lawn sign will be 12"x18", double sided, laminated, and will include metal frame.  Manual Press Laminate Design Works uses a heat press laminate that has the ability to laminate thicker signage. Laminating with the manual press can be single or double sided. Maximum size is 32"x40". Roll Laminate The roll laminating machine can laminate only double sided up to 3' wide. The roll laminate does have a tendency to crease or wrinkle larger items pieces, please order at your own risk. Mounting Drymount Drymount is a heat process using a permanent bonding tissue. Drymount can also be used with matboard, or foamboard. Maximum size is 32" x 40". Boards For Mounting Posterboard — Thin board in variety of colors. Maximum size is 22"x28". Matboard — Thicker, stronger board in variety of colors. Maximum size is 32"x40". Foamboard — Strong board with foam center - white only. Maximum size is 40"x60". Samples of each board and colors are available in Design Works office. Faxes Design Works sends and receives public faxes for the Union. There are different prices for faxes, depending upon if the fax is sent locally, toll free, long distance, out of the country, or if it is an incoming fax. For pricing, please call our office at (940)565-3829. Our fax machine is on 24 hours a day so incoming faxes may be sent at any time. The Design Works fax number is (940)369-8772. Design Works Large Format Printing Balloons Pop-Up Shop Decals Banners, Posters and Signage Lawn Signs and Laminating Mounting Faxes Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 