 northtexan   North Texan northtexan   North Texan northtexan   North Texan northtexan   North Texan northtexan   North Texan northtexan   North Texan northtexan   North Texan northtexan   North Texan northtexan   North Texan northtexan   North Texan  North Texan Search this site: UNT Home UNT Insider Transcripts Career Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving Home Current Issue Past Issues Contact Us About Sections Online Exclusives Feature Stories Alumni Profiles Legacy Families Culture UNT News Alumni News Obituaries From our President Letters to the Editor Essays Featured Photos Notable and Famous Alumni Recent News Remembering Robert B. Toulouse Brilliantly Green UNT senior wins first place in IBM's Master the Mainframe contest UNT undergrads focusing on fashion earn scholarships from industry nonprofit UNT professor focuses research on safe nuclear waste disposal more The North Texan connects UNT alumni and friends to the university and keeps you updated on what’s happening on campus and within our community. Visit us between our print issues to: comment on our stories submit your news write memorials about friends we’ll miss read the print version on Issuu We want to hear from you. Online Exclusives Economic growth Video: Cowboys journey Grammy playlist UNT love stories Video: Oklahoma City More Online Exclusives Remembering Robert B. Toulouse Posted on Tue, 04/11/2017 - 1:05pm Robert B. Toulouse, Provost Emeritus of UNT and longtime dean of the university's graduate school -- which was named in his honor -- died April 11, 2017. He was 98. Toulouse spent nearly 40 years at UNT as an educator and administrator and helped UNT build its stature and momentum as a public research university on the rise. UNT News Department of Teacher Education and Administration College of Education Toulouse School of Graduate Studies Brains Behind Brands Posted on Thu, 03/09/2017 - 11:37am Meet the creative and savvy executives and designers who mastermind some of the biggest corporate brands to influence what you buy. Cover Stories Feature Stories James O. Guillory Jr. Posted on Thu, 03/09/2017 - 11:39am Inspired to follow in his parents' entrepreneurial footsteps, Houston's first African American hotel developer had his first property on the ground at age 28 and isn't slowing down. Feature Stories Alumni Profiles Power of Research: Design Thinking Posted on Thu, 03/09/2017 - 11:43am UNT is at the forefront of collaboration -- looking at the world in new ways and pushing progress beyond invention to innovation. Feature Stories Research Study of Language Posted on Thu, 03/09/2017 - 11:43am UNT linguistics alumni help to bring meaning to human language, preserve history and improve communication. Feature Stories College of Arts & Sciences Department of Biological Sciences Department of Library and Information Sciences Department of English Department of Foreign Languages and Literatures Department of Linguistics and Technical Communications College of Information Mean Green: Good Things Happening Posted on Thu, 03/09/2017 - 11:44am With a successful first year under coach Seth Littrell and inspiration from fellow student-athletes, the Mean Green football team understands the meaning of success from bowl game to graduation. Feature Stories Mean Green Athletics Athletics Harriss Gym sign dedicated thanks to local Girl Scout Posted on Fri, 03/10/2017 - 9:37am Elise Clements spent several years working to commemorate Beulah Harriss, Texas' first recognized Girl Scout and UNT's first women's coach and physical education instructor. UNT News 2017 Grammy Winners Posted on Mon, 02/13/2017 - 3:32pm UNT alumni took home multiple awards at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards for their musical excellence Music College of Music The Mean Green fall short of bowl game victory in overtime Posted on Tue, 12/27/2016 - 3:36pm Propelled by one of the best turnarounds in college football this year, the Mean Green earned a bowl invitation and played Army in the Zaxby's Heart of Dallas Bowl. UNT News Athletics Joseph L. Lengyel Posted on Thu, 12/08/2016 - 1:25pm Staying open to new opportunities and experiences propelled the ROTC cadet from Air Force pilot to the National Guard's highest rank -- and the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Feature Stories Alumni Profiles 1 2 3 4 next › last » Get connected Contact Information: The North Texan University of North Texas Division of University Relations, Communications and Marketing 1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Email us: For questions about content in this website, contact northtexan@unt.edu. Technical problems: For technical problems with this website, contact urcm@unt.edu. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 9, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 