 registrar   transcripts and records order transcript Order a Transcript Registrar registrar   transcripts and records order transcript Order a Transcript Registrar registrar   transcripts and records order transcript Order a Transcript Registrar registrar   transcripts and records order transcript Order a Transcript Registrar registrar   transcripts and records order transcript Order a Transcript Registrar registrar   transcripts and records order transcript Order a Transcript Registrar registrar   transcripts and records order transcript Order a Transcript Registrar registrar   transcripts and records order transcript Order a Transcript Registrar registrar   transcripts and records order transcript Order a Transcript Registrar registrar   transcripts and records order transcript Order a Transcript Registrar  Order a Transcript | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us   Registration Transcripts and RecordsOrder a Transcript Update Your Personal Information Withhold or Release Your Personal Information Enrollment Verification / Certification Residency Information Grades Exams Graduation and Diplomas Veterans and Military Home » Transcripts and Records » Order a TranscriptOrder a Transcript UNT offers two convenient ways for students to obtain or send official transcripts: either by request in person at the Registrar's office in room 147 of the ESSC or via the my.unt portal using our 3rd party provider, Credentials, Inc. Online Transcript Ordering: The University of North Texas has partnered with Credentials Inc. to offer online transcript ordering services. Current and former students may order transcripts 24/7 through this encrypted and secure process. Select the electronic transcript option to send your official record to any receiver with a valid email address! Receive real-time updates via email or text as your document reaches its destination in moments! Upload documents to accompany your official transcript through the TranscriptsPlus interface.  Even select the mail option if your intended recipient requires a hard copy of your transcript. This method is fast, secure and the most reliable way to order an official transcript. This service has a charge of $10.00 per transcript ordered. For more information on this new service, click here. Request Official Transcripts in person: Current and former students may visit the ESSC to pick an official transcript.  This is a pickup service only, transcripts requested in person will not be mailed. For more information on this service, including office hours, click here or visit the FAQ page. Additional Resources: For more information, contact the Registrar's Information Counter by calling 940-565-2111 or visiting Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC) Room 147. For more information about transcripts, please see the Academics section of the UNT Catalog.   Registration Info Find Classes Get Advised   Registration GuidesSpring 2017 Summer 2017 Fall 2017 Academic Catalog View All Forms Instructions for using MyUNT and EIS   Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building http://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 