    transit visitor info l Visitor Information Transportation Services    transit visitor info l Visitor Information Transportation Services    transit visitor info l Visitor Information Transportation Services    transit visitor info l Visitor Information Transportation Services    transit visitor info l Visitor Information Transportation Services    transit visitor info l Visitor Information Transportation Services    transit visitor info l Visitor Information Transportation Services    transit visitor info l Visitor Information Transportation Services    transit visitor info l Visitor Information Transportation Services    transit visitor info l Visitor Information Transportation Services  Visitor Information | Transportation Services Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Transit Parking Event & Group Parking News Visitor Information Parents Guide About Us Search form Search Transportation Services MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Transportation Services Main menu Home Transit Parking Event & Group Parking News Visitor Information Parents Guide About Us Visitor Information   Visitors to our campus: What is a Visitor? A Visitor is defined as anyone who is not enrolled in classes, does not work for the university, and anyone who is NOT otherwise affiliated with the university in any way. UNT Denton students, staff and faculty are not considered visitors. Visitor permits and visitor spaces are NOT to be used by students or faculty/staff members of UNT, UNT-D, UNTHSC or UNT System. I am a visitor to UNT, where can I park? Visitors have several options: hourly parking garages, hourly parking lots, meters, or purchasing a visitor permit.   Parking Garages: Public parking is available at the Highland Street and Union Circle Garages. The Union Circle Garage is credit card only.  Click here for Garage information.  *Add information regarding hourly ground parking lots* Meters: Visitors may park at parking meters, which are located on Highland Street and West Sycamore Street. Meter parking is $2.25 per hour. The meters DO NOT accept silver coinage. You may only pay using the Parkmobile App.  NOTE: The meters located on Fry Street, North of UNT’s campus, have a one hour time limit, and are NOT for student use.  Click here for Parkmobile information.    Visitor Permit: During normal business hours, daily visitor permits may be purchased for $5 per day at the Parking Office located in the Highland Street Garage on Central Ave. Our lobby is located on the first floor of the Highland Street Garage on Ave A across from the Business Leadership Building. Outside of business hours, visitors may purchase permits online using the link provided below. Print the permit and place on your dashboard. New! Online Printable Permit for visitors: Click Here to Create a Guest account and purchase a daily permit. Print and display the permit on your dashboard.   Where can I park with a Visitor Permit? Visitor permits are allowed in any area designated on the visitor pass. Visitor permits are required for ALL parking lots except the parking garages, hourly ground lots, or metered spaces, where appropriate fees are paid. Questions regarding parking for visitors should be directed to (940) 565-3020. Need to know where you are going? Click HERE for our campus maps. Visit Us Highland Street Parking Garage 620 Central Ave Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #310948 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3020 transportation.services@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 04, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links 