 parentsguide   cost Money Matters Parent s Guide parentsguide   cost Money Matters Parent s Guide parentsguide   cost Money Matters Parent s Guide parentsguide   cost Money Matters Parent s Guide parentsguide   cost Money Matters Parent s Guide parentsguide   cost Money Matters Parent s Guide parentsguide   cost Money Matters Parent s Guide parentsguide   cost Money Matters Parent s Guide parentsguide   cost Money Matters Parent s Guide parentsguide   cost Money Matters Parent s Guide  Money Matters | Parent's Guide Jump to Navigation Search the UNT website: En Español MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT skip Parent's Guide HomeParent's Guide Home Money MattersCan I Afford It? AcademicsCourse Info Support ServicesResources Available Staying InvolvedParent Resources Money Matters En Español English How do we afford it? There are a number of options available to you and your student to manage college costs. About 75 percent of UNT students receive financial aid and scholarships totaling $350 million annually. In addition to financial aid and scholarships, options include: Student employment: UNT employs 3,500 students through the Career Center’s Eagle Careers. Grants: Many federal, state and institutional grants are available at UNT. Grants are need-based and no repayment is required. Loans: Loans are available at low interest rates to students and parents of dependent students. Tuition and Fees: UNT offers two tuition plans, each with the option to pay in installments. You also may be eligible for an exemption or waiver available for veterans and their dependents. Eagle Express Tuition Plan Tuition costs are a big part of planning for college. UNT offers you an innovative solution to rising college costs with our Eagle Express Plan, which is the most popular alternate tuition program in Texas. Eagle Express is more than a tuition plan, it’s a plan for success. UNT’s Eagle Express plan locks in total academic costs for four years. It pays to graduate. Your student can save up to $3,000 in their last 15 hours (typically the last semester) by graduating in four years, and if your student qualifies for the statewide $1,000 tuition rebate, the savings total $4,000. Your student will save time and money by knowing academic costs up front, graduating on time and earning a full-time salary sooner. More than half of incoming freshmen choose the Eagle Express Tuition Plan, but a traditional plan also is available. Staying on track To help your student stay on track to graduate in four years without taking extra courses, UNT offers an online degree audit which lists all of your student’s degree requirements in an easy-to-read format. Learn more at the registrar's website. Applying for financial aid You might be surprised to find out how much financial aid you can receive, regardless of your family’s income level. You won’t know what you’re eligible for unless you apply! The best time to apply for financial aid is in October of the year prior to the year your student plans to enroll. You must apply early to receive first consideration for awards. The first step is completing the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Scholarships UNT annually awards more than $45 million in scholarships to help finance student education. The first step is to ensure your student is fully admitted to UNT. Next, he or she will need to complete and submit the General Scholarship Application. Finally, make sure you submit a FAFSA since many scholarships require the application. Your student may apply for scholarships funded by the university, specific academic departments, alumni and staff members. Merit-based, need-based and athletic-based scholarships are usually available. Examples include: UNT Meritorious Scholarships for National Merit Scholars Terry Foundation Scholarships UNT Excellence Scholarships Academic Scholarships Department-sponsored Scholarships Financial success UNT’s Student Money Management Center provides education and services to help your student manage money and gain financial independence. Students learn how to: Manage credit Analyze job offers and benefits packages Live without Mom and Dad's financial support Apply Now! Get more info Continue the conversation on Facebook Take a tour. Come to UNT Preview UNT's Office of Parent Programs Chat with a UNT student Visit Us Parent Programs 1155 Union Circle #311274 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 [map] | Tour Information Mail Us Undergraduate admissions Transfer admissions Graduate admissions International admissions Housing information Contact Us 940-565-4198 University Directory Questions? parents@unt.edu.technical problems? Site last updated on: Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home 