 parentsguide   academics Academics Parent s Guide parentsguide   academics Academics Parent s Guide parentsguide   academics Academics Parent s Guide parentsguide   academics Academics Parent s Guide parentsguide   academics Academics Parent s Guide parentsguide   academics Academics Parent s Guide parentsguide   academics Academics Parent s Guide parentsguide   academics Academics Parent s Guide parentsguide   academics Academics Parent s Guide parentsguide   academics Academics Parent s Guide  Academics | Parent's Guide Jump to Navigation Search the UNT website: En Español MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT skip Parent's Guide HomeParent's Guide Home Money MattersCan I Afford It? AcademicsCourse Info Support ServicesResources Available Staying InvolvedParent Resources Academics En Español English Choosing a major UNT offers 101 bachelor’s, 82 master’s and 38 doctoral degree programs, many nationally and internationally recognized. In most degree programs, students get considerable hands-on experience in their field before graduation. Employers appreciate UNT graduates because they’re critical thinkers prepared to begin contributing their first day on the job. Explore our undergraduate majors. Know what you want to major in? View an alphabetical list of all the majors. Not sure yet? Search our undergraduate majors. Type in your interest (ex: Art, Music, Computers...) Honors College Students of all majors can apply for the Honors College, which enhances the academic experience of talented, motivated and well-prepared students. Honors College benefits include smaller class sizes, opportunities to conduct ground-breaking research with leading faculty members and access to an Honors-only residence hall. An additional residence to house our growing Honors community, Rawlins Hall, opened in Fall 2015. STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) Through pioneering programs and innovative initiatives, UNT is dedicated to addressing America’s critical workforce shortages in science, technology, engineering and mathematics. UNT is helping students find pathways to success in STEM fields through new teaching approaches and research opportunities. Faculty excellence Our faculty members are among the ranks of Fulbright Scholars; Grammy, Pulitzer and Emmy nominees; National Academy members; National Science Foundation and American Council on Education fellows. UNT faculty and staff are friendly and willing to help your student succeed. Many faculty members serve as mentors, sponsor student organizations, invite students to participate in their research projects, and get involved with campus matters of importance to students. Academic support UNT Learning Center - tutoring, reading labs, study skills labs, speed reading UNT Libraries - six libraries, seven million items, print and digital libraries, innovative programs and services General Access Computer Labs - 14 labs, six with Macs, one 24-hour lab, two labs with laptop checkout Math Lab - for students who need help with one of the common speedbumps on the road to academic success UNT Career Center - internships, on-campus jobs, job shadowing program, career counseling UNT Center for Leadership and Service - leadership workshops and classes, career skill-building services UNT Writing Lab - tutoring to help students in all disciplines improve their writing skills UNT offers 124 academic organizations and honor societies Apply Now! Get more info Continue the conversation on Facebook Take a tour Come to UNT Preview UNT's Office of Parent Programs Chat with a UNT student Visit Us Parent Programs 1155 Union Circle #311274 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 [map] | Tour Information Mail Us Undergraduate admissions Transfer admissions Graduate admissions International admissions Housing information Contact Us 940-565-4198 University Directory Questions? parents@unt.edu.technical problems? Site last updated on: Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home 