 parentsguide   support services Support Services Parent s Guide parentsguide   support services Support Services Parent s Guide parentsguide   support services Support Services Parent s Guide parentsguide   support services Support Services Parent s Guide parentsguide   support services Support Services Parent s Guide parentsguide   support services Support Services Parent s Guide parentsguide   support services Support Services Parent s Guide parentsguide   support services Support Services Parent s Guide parentsguide   support services Support Services Parent s Guide parentsguide   support services Support Services Parent s Guide  Support Services | Parent's Guide Jump to Navigation Search the UNT website: En Español MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT skip Parent's Guide HomeParent's Guide Home Money MattersCan I Afford It? AcademicsCourse Info Support ServicesResources Available Staying InvolvedParent Resources Support Services En Español English Transition programs UNT wants to help your student make new friends and adjust to college life from the moment he or she steps foot on campus. Some of the programs we offer are: New Student Orientation, where students learn about campus resources and register for classes Mean Green Move-In, an annual event marking the opening of the residence halls First Flight, UNT’s official welcome week program Eagle Camp, an optional three-day experience for incoming students to make new friends and learn more about life at UNT Learn more about these fun freshman programs at our Orientation and Transition Programs site. Activities Students can choose from 400 organizations on campus, including 38 Greek organizations; go to athletic events, concerts, plays and art exhibitions; attend lectures, film festivals and other cultural events; compete in recreational sports leagues; and work out in the Pohl Recreation Center. That’s one of the chief advantages of attending a large university like UNT — there’s something for everyone! One of the nation’s top 50 colleges graduating ethnic minority students, UNT works hard to create a welcoming environment and secure a reputation as a diverse institution. Many student organizations celebrate ethnic and racial heritage or support career networks such as the Hispanic Business Student Association and the National Association of Black Journalists. Learn more at the Division of Equity and Diversity website. From athletics to the arts For many, intercollegiate athletics is essential to the university experience not only for your child, but for you! Conference USA football and 12 other men’s and women’s sports provide excitement and build affinity. With seating for 31,000 fans, UNT’s Apogee Stadium provides the ultimate game day experience. The Mean Green competes in Conference USA with Louisiana Tech, Rice and UT-San Antonio. About 1,500 performances, exhibitions and lectures are presented on campus each year and many of them are free for students. Campus security UNT police patrol the campus 24 hours a day, seven days a week, in vehicles, on bicycles and on foot. At night, the campus is well lighted, and students may ride the night shuttle, request pick up from e-ride or call the UNT police for an escort, if needed. Sixty-nine emergency phones located throughout campus provide direct access to the campus police dispatcher at all times. Students should sign up for the Eagle Alert system for information about campus closings and emergency situations affecting the safety and well-being of people on and around the campus. Voice and text messages are sent to all students who have provided current contact information. Health care UNT’s Health and Wellness Center offers a full-service primary care clinic with licensed physicians, nurse practitioners and nurses to manage your student’s care and treatment. Our licensed medical and support staff provides services including: Basic diagnostic x-rays and lab testing Pharmacy Women’s care exams and education Immunizations and allergy injections College Optical Express, the first optical office located on any college campus in the state of Texas The UNT Dental Office provides dental services to the UNT community Emotional support Good grades aren’t everything. The emotional well-being of your student is just as important as academic success. UNT’s Counseling Center offers professional counseling, mental-health screenings, educational programs and self-help resources. Housing UNT offers 15 residence halls, each with its own study groups, advisors, social life and personality. To meet the needs of our growing residence hall community, an additional Honors College residence called Rawlins Hall opened in Fall 2015. Our living-learning communities bring students together who share a major or interest. Communities include STEM, jazz studies, business, art and design and journalism. Freshmen who live on campus make friends easier and have higher GPAs than freshmen who live off campus. Dining Students can eat balanced meals at any of UNT’s five residence hall cafeterias. Meal plans are available and cafeterias are open at least 12 hours a day. A staff dietitian is available to work with students with food allergies or other needs. Our cafeterias provide many nutritious selections including Mean Greens, a completely vegan dining option, Champs which offers a wide selection of freshly made pizzas and West Dining Hall, which specializes in southern home-style cooking. Learn more at the Dining Services website. UNT Dining serves 2.2 million meals annually. Transportation Because of the many transportation options available, it is not necessary for your student to have a car while attending UNT. Students can use UNT Shuttle, e-ride or Denton County Transportation Authority services to get around. Learn more at our transit website. Denton County Transportation Authority’s (DCTA) A-train is a 21-mile corridor running from downtown Denton to Carrollton where passengers can connect to DART’s Green Line at the Trinity Mills Station. If your student plans to bring a vehicle to campus, there are several parking permit options available. The parking fee is not included in tuition and fee costs. Learn more at our website. Students with disabilities More than 900 students are served through the Office of Disability Accommodation, which helps students with hearing, mobility or vision loss; learning disabilities and brain injuries; cancer; and other conditions that are not obvious. Apply Now! Get more info Continue the conversation on Facebook Take a tour. Come to UNT Preview UNT's Office of Parent Programs Chat with a UNT student Visit Us Parent Programs 1155 Union Circle #311274 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 [map] | Tour Information Mail Us Undergraduate admissions Transfer admissions Graduate admissions International admissions Housing information Contact Us 940-565-4198 University Directory Questions? parents@unt.edu.technical problems? Site last updated on: Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home 