 financialaid   scholarships Scholarships Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   scholarships Scholarships Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   scholarships Scholarships Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   scholarships Scholarships Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   scholarships Scholarships Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   scholarships Scholarships Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   scholarships Scholarships Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   scholarships Scholarships Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   scholarships Scholarships Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   scholarships Scholarships Student Financial Aid and Scholarships  Scholarships | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Home SFAS Basics College Costs ScholarshipsApply for Scholarships How to Check Your Scholarship Award Status Other Assistance - Waivers and Exemptions Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Helpful Resources Home » ScholarshipsScholarships What is a scholarship? A scholarship is a financial award given to a student on the basis of academic achievement and promise. Many scholarships are awarded based on merit. However, some also take into account financial need. Scholarships do not have to be repaid. The University of North Texas is a comprehensive university that offers many scholarships to help you finance your education. Many students compete for scholarships, which are awarded on merit and on a first-come, first-served basis to students enrolling in the fall term. We recommend you apply to UNT as early as possible. Download your financial aid brochure 2016-17 2017-18 The availability of all scholarship funding is affected by many factors such as the state's economy and the stock market's performance. The Office of Student Financial Aid and Scholarships (SFAS) coordinates all scholarship awards once they have been awarded. In order to understand UNT's coordinated approach to scholarships, please learn about the types of scholarships offered, and who manages the scholarship awarding processes. What types of scholarships are available to incoming and continuing students?  Scroll down to view Types of Scholarships Table. Most UNT Scholarships are administered by the Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Office. Visit our Apply for Scholarships page for more information. A number of scholarships are also available to incoming and continuing students through awards made by academic departments. Check with the department of your major for more details, and visit our Department-sponsored Scholarships page for more information. Graduate students should contact the Toulouse Graduate School for additional scholarship opportunities, via their home page Funding Your Grad School link. External funding resources are a great additional source of support for students.  We encourage students to develop a focused plan for researching external opportunities via our External Scholarships and Resources page. Types of Scholarships University Scholarships The Student Financial Aid and Scholarships office administers these scholarships.  First-time Student Scholarships UNT Excellence Scholarship UNT Meritorious Scholarship for National Merit Finalists SFAS Academic Scholarships Transfer Student Scholarships UNT Transfer Scholarship SFAS Academic Scholarships Continuing Undergraduate Students SFAS Academic Scholarships New and Continuing Graduate Students SFAS Academic Scholarships Departmental Scholarships These scholarships are made available through designated contributions from donors. The SFAS office and many other campus departments manage these awards. Donors specify what department they want to manage the scholarship along with the award's eligibility criteria. Department-Sponsored Scholarships Graduate Student Scholarships Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science (TAMS) External Scholarships Private agencies and other organizations fund these scholarships. David J. Ewing Scholarships Good Neighbor Scholarship Office for Nationally Competitive Scholarships Outside Agency (External Scholarships) Terry Scholarship Program Top 10 Percent Scholarship Veterans Scholarships Contact Us: Student Financial Aid and Scholarships 1155 Union Circle #311370 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738 Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203 Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. financialaid@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 4, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness Select LanguageEnglishSpanish 