    transit maps l Parking Transportation Services    transit maps l Parking Transportation Services    transit maps l Parking Transportation Services    transit maps l Parking Transportation Services    transit maps l Parking Transportation Services    transit maps l Parking Transportation Services    transit maps l Parking Transportation Services    transit maps l Parking Transportation Services    transit maps l Parking Transportation Services    transit maps l Parking Transportation Services  Parking | Transportation Services Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Transit Parking Event & Group Parking News Visitor Information Parents Guide About Us Search form Search Transportation Services MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Transportation Services Main menu Home Transit Parking Event & Group Parking News Visitor Information Parents Guide About Us Parking Information Alternative Parking Options We at Transportation Services offer several different options for event participants: * Paid hourly parking lots. * Parking garages Highland Street and Union Circle. * Daily parking permits (can include PDF, hang tag, or single use scratch-off permits). * Parkmobile - (Click here for more information about Parkmobile) Permit Information Purchase Permits: To purchase permits please visit: UNT Parking Portal Types of Permits: AA Permit Holders (Red Permit) The holder of this permit may park in any space on campus except in reserved spaces in Lots 1, 2, 3, and 18; ADA spaces; No Parking areas; and fire lanes. A University or personal vehicle displaying this permit may park in any time zone or service/state vehicle space while being used for University business. “A” Faculty & Staff Permit Holders (Green Permit) “A” Reserved permits may only be purchased by full-time faculty and staff. Faculty and staff on a sabbatical are also eligible for these permits providing that they purchase the permit for the duration of the sabbatical; these customers will be moved to the bottom of the corresponding waiting list if they do not purchase a permit for the duration of their sabbatical. Faculty and staff may park their vehicle in their designated space or lot or any "FS” or “Eagle” space. The subleasing of reserved "A" parking spaces is prohibited. Enforcement periods and parking zone privileges for "A" spaces are indicated in Appendix A. Reserved “A” spaces and lots are enforced 7:00am to 5:30pm, Monday – Friday when the University is open. Vehicles parked in a reserved parking lot without the appropriate permit are subject to being cited, impounded, or immobilized immediately. After 5:30pm, unauthorized vehicles will be towed. The towing fee is issued as a separate citation. The fees can be found in Appendix C - . “F/S” Faculty/Staff Permit Holders (Blue Permit) This permit is for faculty and staff and non-UNT employees working on campus in support of UNT operations. Enforcement periods and parking zone privileges for “FS” lots and spaces are indicated in Appendix A - . • “TF”, “A”, “HD”, Visitor, and specialty permits indicating “FS” spaces are honored in “FS” spaces. • “FS” spaces located within the resident parking areas are enforced 24/7/365 and are identified by signs. “TF” Teaching Fellow Permit Holders (Black, Yellow, or Purple Permit) This permit is sold by the semester to Teaching Fellows. Each department will provide a list of current Teaching Fellows to Transportation Services for verification.  • “TF” permits are honored in all “FS”, and “Eagle” spaces at any time. "FS" permit holders may also park in "eagle" lots at any time. “HD” Hall Director Permit Holders (Light Blue Permit) This permit is sold to Hall Directors and their spouses only. These spaces are reserved 24 hours, seven days a week. • “HD” permits are honored in all “HD”, “R” and “FS” spaces. “HF” Honorary Retiree Faculty & Staff Permit Holders (Gold Permit) This is a complimentary permit for retirees of the University who occasionally visit campus. Occasionally is defined as a maximum of five days per month. • This permit may not to be used while working or attending class. • This permit is honored in all spaces zoned “FS”, “Eagle”, and visitor spaces across campus. • If a UNT Retiree returns to UNT to perform compensated employment activities, the “HF” permit is invalid and an appropriate permit must be purchased. “R” Student Resident Permit Holders (Orange Permit) Students must live in a residence hall to be eligible for this permit. Enforcement periods and parking zone privileges for “R” spaces are indicated in Appendix A - . • “R” permits are honored in all spaces zoned “R”. • Residence Hall permits must be returned to Transportation Services when moving out of the residence halls. The “R” permit can be exchanged for an “Eagle” permit. • The “R” permits are not to be used to park in any Hall Director “HD” space at any time. Vehicles parked in an HD parking space without the appropriate HD permit are subject to being impounded immediately. HD spaces are reserved at all times. “HSG-R” Student Resident Garage Access Permit Holders (Orange/Green Permit) Students must live in the residence halls to be eligible for this permit. Enforcement periods and parking zone privileges for “HSG-R” spaces are indicated in Appendix A - . • “HSG-R” decals must be affixed to the outside of the rear windshield on the passenger side. Vehicles must be parked head-in. • “HSG-R” permits are purchased online and are available to pick up at the Transportation Services office. • “HSG-R” permits are only valid on floors 4 through 7, including the ramp between floors 3 and 4, in the Highland Street Garage. This permit is not valid in ground parking lots. • Sharing of garage access cards (Pass back) is prohibited and is considered Theft of Service in the State of Texas. If a pass back action is detected the system will automatically terminate your access card and your parking privileges will be revoked. No refund will be issued. “EAGLE” Eagle Permit Holders (Gold Permit) This permit is available to all students living off campus. Enforcement periods and parking zone privileges for “Eagle” permits are indicated in Appendix A - . • “Eagle” permits are honored in all spaces zoned “Eagle”. “RS” Remote Student Permit (Light Green Permit) This permit is available to all customers. This is intended as a lower-cost option where parking is available in remote areas of campus. Pedestrian access to campus and bus service will be available. Enforcement periods and parking zone privileges for “RS” permits are indicated in Appendix A - . • “RS” permits are honored in all spaces zoned “RS”. “V” Vendor Permit Holders (Purple Permit) Vendor permits may be purchased at the Transportation Services office. They are for use by companies providing the University with goods or services. Proof of eligibility is required at time of purchase and consists of: • A letter on company letterhead affirming that the company does business with UNT, and • The individual requesting a Vendor permit is an employee of said company Vendor permits are honored in any space zoned “Eagle”, “FS”, Service, or Visitor for a maximum of two hours, or in any time zone for the posted time limit. Vendor permits are only honored when the permit holder is conducting legitimate business with UNT. Personal use of a vendor permit is prohibited. Motorcycle, Motorbike, Motor Scooter Permit Holders Any motor vehicle (see Regulation 2.5) with two wheels is required to park in a space zoned “Motorcycle”. This excludes “A” permit holders who may park in their designated space or lot. Permits must be permanently affixed on the left front fork of the vehicle or in a lockable, UNT-issued permit sleeve where it can be seen without difficulty. Appeal Information Procedures: All individuals believing a parking citation was issued in error may appeal the citation. Citation appeals must be filed within 15 calendar days of date the citation is issued. Citation appeals are filed online (guest accounts can be created). Appeals cannot be submitted following the 15th day after issuance. Citation appeals will be reviewed by an Appeals Officer. The Appeals Officer will make a determination consistent with these regulations. The Appeals Officer’s determination is final. No further action may be taken. Restrictions The parking appeals process applies to UNT parking violations only. City parking and traffic citations must be cleared through the Municipal Court of the City of Denton, Texas, on or before the time and date stated on the citation. Citations resulting in vehicle impoundment may be appealed through the normal appeal process but must be paid before the vehicle is released. Collection Process Explanation: To collect funds owed to the University of North Texas’ Transportation Services, receives services from a third party collection agency to assist in citation payment process.  In addition to upholding the Parking Rules & Regulations, our office follows a specific citation collection process: The party responsible for the citation will receive three reminder notifications from our office once the citation is 30, 45, and 60 days past the due date. This letter will be sent to the primary address listed on the recipients parking account. If your address is not up to date, you may contact our office where a customer service representative will assist you with this process or you may update this information online. After 30 days, a late fee of $15 dollars will be added to the citation, and a letter will be mailed by the collections’ agency with information concerning the late fee and the information that the agency has collected. This data includes all information that is listed in your online profile. After 60 days, if the citation is still unpaid the collections’ agency will mail a notification informing the recipient that their citation and information has been received by collections. Once your citation has reached collections you can pay your fee(s) in office, online, or to the collections agency directly via phone. You can contact Citations Collection Services at 866-652-6920  Additional Permit Information Student Permits  All Sales Final. No Refunds. All Eagle, R, and Motorcycle permits must now be ordered and paid for through the appropriate link below. For students receiving VA Chapter 31 benefits, please email transportation.services@unt.edu for more information. Faculty & Staff Permits All sales final. No refunds. All FS, Eagle, R, and Motorcycle permits must now be ordered and paid for through the appropriate link below. Hall Director Permit Registration Form (The form will be posted soon.) Teaching Fellow Permit Registration is now conducted using Qualtrics and filled out by requesting department. Please note that if you are not on the list provided by your department, you cannot purchase a TF permit. If you are a department needing to submit new TFs, email transportation.services@unt.edu.   Garage Information Union Circle Garage  Located at Welch and Union Circle by the University Union 1155 Union Circle, Denton TX, 76203 Hourly parking is available at Union Circle Garage (UCG). UCG is a credit card only garage. NO CASH accepted. See rates below. Union Circle Garage Hourly Rates Union Circle Garage is fully automated "credit card" only garage. No Cash accepted. $2.25 per hour Time/charge starts once a ticket is issued Daily Max $18.00 Garage contracts are not available for Union Circle Garage.   Highland Street Garage  Located at Ave A and Highland Street by the new Business Leadership Building. 620 Central Ave, Denton TX, 76201 Highland Street Garage is now open to hourly parking. See rates below. Cash or credit card is accepted. Highland Street Garage Hourly Rates Customers may park hourly. Faculty/Staff and Students also have the option of purchasing a garage access card. A garage contract (access card) is only valid at the Highland Street Garage. Faculty/Staff - Payroll Deduction is available for annual contracts only. New for fall 2016, all garage access card requests will be completed online. Permits and garage access card sales begin August 12, 2016. Customers are encouraged to log in prior to August 12th to update all vehicle and contact information. Click here to purchase.  Highland Street Garage accepts cash or credit $2.00 per hour Time/charge starts once a ticket is issued Daily Max $16.00 Lost Ticket $16.00 Garage Access Card Rates Full Year:  $850.00 Semester:  $350.00 per semester Summer: $200.00 Reserved: $1,200 per year Resident Students may purchase a garage access card at a reduced rate of $450 per year. Floors 4 through 7 of the garage are reserved for resident access only. Important Garage Information Parking Garage Use and Availability: Garage Access Cards (as indicated on card) are valid only on the 2nd through 3rd Floors. 1st Floor Reserved Annual Cards are valid on the first floor with an assigned numbered space. The 4th through 7th floors are reserved for Resident Students Access Cards with a garage permit displayed. Parking garages at the University of North Texas are closed during University holidays and are repurposed during campus-wide special events. Garages may also be repurposed in the event of emergency or for maintenance. Parking & Transportation Services cannot guarantee that parking garage spaces will be available at all times. Notice will be issued via e-mail before any scheduled holiday or event. Please verify with the Parking & Transportation office that your contact information is up to date. Replacement of Garage Access Cards: There is a $25.00 fee to replace a lost/missing/stolen access card. Sharing Garage Access Cards: Sharing of a garage access card (Pass-Back) is PROHIBITED and is considered Theft of Service in the State of Texas. If a Pass-Back action is detected, the system will automatically terminate your access card and your parking privileges will be revoked. No refund will be issued. Visitors that are not able to pay will be issued a citation and charged the maximum daily rate. There are no in and out privileges without an access card Lost tickets will be charged the daily maximum Semester and annual parking is available via access card only. Access cards are available from the Parking Office. Access card registration is available through the link on the top right of this page. Department validations are accepted only with prior approval from the Parking Office No storage of vehicles is allowed No repairing of vehicles (including changing oil) is allowed in the garage No open flames are allowed within the parking structure. No Motorcycles No Checks No Bills over $20  Metered Parking Information  Meter rates across campus: $2.25 per hour in select areas. Note: Meters along Fry St, Ave A, Hickory and Oak are part of a "Retail Zone" and NOT intended for student use. Meters are only one hour to promote vehicle turnover for retail customers. Campus Parking Map UNT Campus Parking Map Citations To pay your citation or submit an appeal please visit: UNT Parking Portal Citation Information:  Please be aware that our basis for giving citations comes from the Transportation Services Rules and Regulations. You may access the Rules and Regulations through this link: UNT Parking Rules and Regulations Payment Procedures Payment options to Transportation Services are as follows: • Payments are accepted online 24 hours a day, seven days a week by logging into the Transportation Services website, transportation.unt.edu. Online payment methods include VISA, Master Card, American Express, and Discover. • The Transportation Services office accepts VISA, Master Card, American Express, Discover, Cash, Traveler’s Checks, or Money Orders. Personal checks will be accepted from any individual with an appropriate government ID such as a state driver’s license or military ID. Returned Checks All returned checks will be assessed a Merchant Fee of $30 (Section 3.506 Texas Business & Commerce Code). All Hot Checks will be filed with the Denton Criminal District Attorney for collection and/or prosecution Parking FAQ I already pay for tuition, why do I need to pay for a parking permit? Parking is an auxiliary operation. It receives no direct funding from either the State of Texas or the University. As such, the program operates through permits, fines, and fees generated by students, faculty/staff, and visitors who choose to park on campus. Where does my permit or citation money go? Major uses of parking funds include: parking lot maintenance and construction, parking and traffic activities related to special events management, police and security-related operations; including, post 9/11 and Virginia Tech continuing security enhancements, and operation and enforcement of parking lots in accordance with our parking rules and regulations. Where is the UNT Parking office located? The entrance to the garage is located at 620 Central Avenue, Denton, Texas, 76201. 20-Minute parking is available on Ave A. The entrance to the Parking Office on the west side of the garage directly across from the Business Leadership Building. When is the UNT Parking office open? The normal office hours are from 7:30am to 5:00pm, Monday through Friday. Can I move my permit between vehicles? If you own a UNT Parking Permit, you can transfer the permit from your regular vehicle to another vehicle you own; the sticker is made to move from one vehicle to another. You will need to register your second/other vehicle at transportation.unt.edu , click on “manage my account” and then “add a vehicle”.  How do I register a second vehicle? If you have two or more vehicles you will be driving to campus, you will need to register your second/other vehicle at transportation.unt.edu. Click on- “manage my account” and then “add a vehicle”. Note that ONLY 1 permit is allowed per customer. Permits can be transferred between multiple vehicles if needed. What do I do if I’m driving a rental car? If you own a UNT Parking Permit, you can transfer the permit from your regular vehicle to the rental car; the sticker is made to move from one vehicle to another. If you do not have a UNT parking permit, you will need to purchase a temporary day pass from the UNT Parking office, or pay to park in an hourly areas. My permit hasn’t come in the mail, and my temporary Permit has expired, what do I do? Please bring your student ID to the UNT Parking office, located on the first floor of the Highland Street Parking Garage, the entrance to the Parking Office is on the west side of the garage directly across from the Business Leadership Building. 20-minute parking on Ave A is available. We will be able to help you get a replacement permit if necessary.  I cannot purchase a permit online, what do I do? Please bring your student, Faculty, or Staff ID to the UNT Parking office, located on the first floor of the Highland Street Parking Garage, just east of the Business Leadership Building. 20-minute parking on Ave A is available. If I purchased my permit online how do I print it out?  (Heading Accordion Style) At the end of your online purchase, there will be a notification box at the bottom of the page that will direct you to your printable temporary permit. This permit will be valid until you actual permit arrives in the mail.  Why do we need to increase parking permit rates? Our costs to provide and operate our parking program have increased significantly: ·         Asphalt for repaving – on average increased 74% with significant expected increases as oil prices continue to rise in the marketplace ·         Cement for concrete paving – on average increased 160% with additional increases expected in the short term ·         Labor and Benefit Costs – increased an average of 26% ·         Surface Lot parking spaces – costs generally range from $2,000 - $6,000 per space to construct ·         Parking Garage spaces – costs generally range from $12,000 - $20,000 per space to construct Priorities and progress towards the UNT Master Plan -  As we move into the future, our UNT Master Plan directs us to continue developing our academic and institutional facilities in such a manner that we’ll be required to build new parking lots located on the South side of campus. Each new lot will range between $3M and $5M. Because garages and structures are extremely expensive to build and operate, the Master Plan encourages significant growth and support of other transportation options; such as shuttle buses, bicycles, carpools, vanpools, the proposed DCTA rail system, etc. to help us continue to reduce the need for individually operated motor vehicles on campus. Why are parking permit rates different for various types of permits? Permit prices are established based upon a number of factors, primarily including: ·         Location of spaces – the closer or more preferred the location the more expensive. The same principle is used at the airport where ‘terminal” parking is significantly more expensive than “remote” parking. ·         Privilege conferred by permit – “A” spaces are individually reserved spaces and carry a premium of 200% over the cost of regular faculty/staff  “F/S” and Eagle spaces which are in preferred locations but only provide a space “as available.” Friendly Reminders ·         It is possible to attend UNT for four (4) years, park on campus every day and never receive a parking ticket if you comply with the parking rules and regulations. ·         We always have parking available on class days; however, that parking may not be next to the building or the individual’s parking lot of choice. ·         We encourage the use of the shuttle system, car pools, bicycling, walking, etc. to save money, time wasted in traffic, reduce vehicle emissions, and reduce fuel demand. Visit Us Highland Street Parking Garage 620 Central Ave Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #310948 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-3020 transportation.services@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 04, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links 