 studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs family weekend Family Weekend Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs family weekend Family Weekend Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs family weekend Family Weekend Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs family weekend Family Weekend Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs family weekend Family Weekend Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs family weekend Family Weekend Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs family weekend Family Weekend Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs family weekend Family Weekend Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs family weekend Family Weekend Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs family weekend Family Weekend Division of Student Affairs  Family Weekend | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Family Weekend Friday, September 22 - Sunday, September 24, 2017  Family Weekend is the first big event of the year for students and their families. A variety of activities make Family Weekend a special time for students to share their new environment with friends, parents, and family members. Whether you live near or far, we want you to join your UNT family for a weekend of fun! This three-day event will be packed with numerous activities, meals, and the opportunity to cheer on the Mean Green football team. There's something for everyone! What is the price of Family Weekend?  $60.00 for each adult $30.00 for each child (17 and under) FREE* for 1 UNT student (each additional student is $25.00) FREE for children under 4 *FREE with the purchase of one or more adult passes. Parent Association members and alumni have the ability to receive discounts. What does the cost of registration cover?  Friday evening's dinner (Scrappy's Extravaganza) Saturday's President's Breakfast Mean Green Extravaganza (tailgate) activities and food Family Weekend T-Shirt Evening activities Entrance to other Family Weekend events without special charges UNT football ticket (tickets will be provided to all registrants except current UNT students - current students get in free with student ID) Why should I attend Family Weekend?  Experience student life first-hand Enjoy a wide variety of family events Learn more about the UNT campus and services offered Explore and get to know the city of Denton, Texas Network with other parents and families of students attending UNT Mingle with members of the UNT community Find out how much your student loves UNT! Cheer on the Mean Green!   It was nice to meet other UNT parents who had the same concerns about their kiddos as me. Wished we could have done more! Good selection of events, so we can't do it all. Thank you so much for providing such a fun time for my family and me. We miss our UNT student being down the hall in her room, but seeing her on campus and having the opportunity to see some of the things she sees every day was reassuring. We are all still trying to adjust but I have no doubt that she made the right choice with UNT. My children were able to enjoy the game and the activities before the game together. We were able to converse in a relaxed environment without the pressures of being alone that can sometimes occur when a child begins to gain independence of her family. Family Weekend Schedule Events Accomodations Register Sibling Day Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 