 preview   Home  Preview preview   Home  Preview preview   Home  Preview preview   Home  Preview preview   Home  Preview preview   Home  Preview preview   Home  Preview preview   Home  Preview preview   Home  Preview preview   Home  Preview  Home | UNT Preview Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home Schedule Directions and Parking Get To Know Denton FAQs Search form Search the UNT web site: UNT Preview MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search UNT Preview Main menu Home Schedule Directions and Parking Get To Know Denton FAQs UNT Preview is your opportunity to get a sneak peek at campus life and your future Mean Green family. Bring your family and your friends, and allow our students, faculty and staff to help you discover why UNT is the right place for you. Please join us for a preview of excellence at UNT. When: Spring 2018 Who: Future UNT students, parents and guests Why: This open-house showcases the whole spectrum of campus, including Academic Departments, Admissions, Financial Aid, Scholarships, Housing, Student Activities and the Denton Community. Join us and discover what UNT can do for you! #UNTLucky Selfie Contest UNT is just nuts about Lucky, the albino squirrel. Students are always on the lookout for him on campus because he's said to bring good luck. He's super photogenic and loves having his photo taken. Find Lucky and win: When you see #UNTLucky signs, snap a selfie with them and post it to Twitter using #UNTLucky for a chance to win prizes! Bonus if you spot the real Lucky. 20 winners will be chosen throughout the day. Save Mean Green Basketball As part of your UNT Preview experience, we would like to invite you to experience Mean Green Basketball at The Super Pit. UNT Athletics is proud to provide free admission to the game for all UNT Preview guests, so please join your future Mean Green family and cheer on our team as we tipoff at 3 p.m. vs UTSA! Toulouse Graduate School Welcomes You Thinking about advancing your education and career opportunities? Whether you're a working professional or just eager to learn about your next step after the Bachelor’s degree, the UNT Toulouse Graduate School invites you to attend a special presentation during Academic Session #1 of UNT Preview Day to discover what a graduate education from UNT can do for you. The Toulouse Graduate School will also be in attendance at the Academic Fair later in the day. Stay Awhile Spend your UNT Preview weekend with us at Denton SpringHill Suites by Marriott and experience a luxurious “Home away from Home” without the luxury price tag. At Denton SpringHill Suites, you’ll enjoy modern and spacious rooms with designated bed and living areas, complete with microwave, refrigerator, high speed Wi-Fi, and much more. Other features include a full hot breakfast buffet, gymnasium, indoor swimming pool, and complimentary shuttle service to UNT campus for the big day! Click here or call (940) 383-4100 today to book your room at the UNT Preview rate of $109/night. If you have questions, please contact us. The Schedule Planning Your Visit Get to know Denton Dont forget to connect! #UNTPreview Follow us Find out what UNT has to offer. Watch our videos. Academics Campus Life Athletics The Denton Area Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203 Contact Us 800-868-8211 preview@unt.edu Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 