 studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent programs Parent Programs Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent programs Parent Programs Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent programs Parent Programs Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent programs Parent Programs Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent programs Parent Programs Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent programs Parent Programs Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent programs Parent Programs Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent programs Parent Programs Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent programs Parent Programs Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent programs Parent Programs Division of Student Affairs  Parent Programs | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Parent Programs Programs and Events Family of the Year  Parent Programs is excited to announce that nominations are currently being accepted for Family of the Year! We understand the impact you have on your students and we want to reward and celebrate that. In order to be considered, your student needs to submit the following to Parents@unt.edu. Complete an online application. The application requires a 300-500 word essay as to why the family is deserving as well as a photo of the family showing their Mean Green spirit! The winning family will receive the following prize pack: $200 to Barnes & Noble Bookstore 4 Family weekend tickets Mean Green spirit basket Commemorative Family of the Year plaque The winners will be announced during our Parent and Family Connections Program happening in conjunction with the UNT v. Rice Men’s Basketball game on February 4, 2017. Applications are due January 27, 2017. Family of the Year Nomination Form Parent & Family Connections Program  The Parent & Family Connections program is designed for parents who want more information to help their students continue to succeed at UNT. Join us for a dinner program to gain more information on how to tackle some of the challenges your students (or you) have faced.  https://unt.az1.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_bqjr1FCLw8XMbnn When: February 4, 2017 at 11:30 am Where:  UNT Union, Room 314  What: Lunch with an informative Q&A student and speaker panel + FREE tickets to the UNT  vs. Rice Men's basketball game @ 2:00 pm  We will be announcing our Family of the Year 2017 winners before the game starts at this event, so you don't want to miss it! Family Weekend  The University of North Texas recognizes the important role families and friends play in the educational process.  Each fall the campus opens its doors to embrace those important individuals.  Family Weekend 2016 is scheduled for Friday, September 30 - Sunday, October 2, 2016.  To learn more about Family Weekend click here. Summer Send-Off Parties  Parent Programs, with the UNT Parent Association, proudly offer Send-Off Parties across the state of Texas. This year we have expanded to Oklahoma! Last year, more than 1,300 students and parents took the opportunity to meet others from their area and get their last minute questions answered.  TThe 2016 Summer Send-Off Parties have been scheduled! Attendance is free for up to 2 guests for every UNT student, but an RSVP is required.  Summer Send-Off Party Flyer 2016 (pdf) **New Location for Lubbock Send-Off Party - Logan's Roadhouse (Central Plaza, 6251 Slide Road) 2016 Summer Send-Off Party RSVP Thanksgiving Shuttle Bus  We are excited that Parent Programs, at the University of North Texas, has partnered with BreakShuttle to provide break transportation for you this Thanksgiving 2016. BreakShuttle is the largest national provider of college and university break transportation services in the United States. They are committed to providing reliable, safe, and convenient transportation services on luxury coach buses that allow even the most remote colleges and universities to have a "pop up" transportation network around major school breaks. Bus trips are provided by BreakShuttle, a separate entity from the University of North Texas. The Office of Orientation and Transition Programs at the University of North Texas works with BreakShuttle to ensure these trips are possible. http://breakshuttle.com/collections/university-of-north-texas Other Events Family Members Might Enjoy:  Fall Semester Move-In Day Homecoming Athletic Events Music Performances Distinguished Lecture Series Resources for Parents Student Health Insurance Information (pdf) UNT Collegiate Parent Guide 2016-2017 Parent Calendar 2016-2017 (pdf)   Parent Programs Family of the Year Parent and Family Connections Family Weekend Summere Send-Off Parties Thanksgiving Shuttle Bus Other Events Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 