 studentaffairs   parent association Parent Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   parent association Parent Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   parent association Parent Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   parent association Parent Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   parent association Parent Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   parent association Parent Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   parent association Parent Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   parent association Parent Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   parent association Parent Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   parent association Parent Association Division of Student Affairs  Parent Association | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Parent Association Parent Association Membership  Why should you join the UNT Parent Association?  There are many benefits to joining the Parent Association, including 10% discount on all school supplies, clothing, and gifts at the UNT Bookstore (excludes textbooks and computer hardware and accessories.) Discount on Family Weekend Parent Calendar outlining important dates throughout the year Monthly electronic newsletters with important Parent Association news as well as university updates Benefits for students include: Scholarships awarded each spring to students of Parent Association members. Finals goodie boxes which are distributed to students of Parent Association members at the end of the fall and spring semesters. Become a member today and complete the membership registration online form below OR download the paper form, fill it out and mail it back to us with payment. Annual memberships are good through August 31st and cost $70.00. Two-year memberships are available for $125. Lifetime memberships are available for $300 and, like the name says, lasts a lifetime. A portion of all memberships go towards scholarships. Parent Association Membership Registration - online form Parent Association Membership Registration - paper form Parent Association Newsletters  For the current and past issues of the Parent Association Newsletter, see the Newsletter Archive. As a Parent Association member you are automatically signed up to receive detailed parent newsletters, university information, and other information specific only to Parent Association members. If you are not a Parent Association member and would like to subscribe to our newsletter, simply send an e-mail to parents@unt.edu. If you ever wish to be removed from our distribution list, simply send another e-mail to parents@unt.edu with the subject line, "Unsubscribe." Join the UNT Parent Association on Facebook!  Are you a parent or family member of a current or prospective UNT student? Join the conversation on the Mean Green Family facebook page. Parent Association members are encouraged to join the closed facebook group for members only.   Parent Association Executive Board Meetings & ByLaws Newsletters Scholarships Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 