 studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent association scholarships Scholarships Parent Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent association scholarships Scholarships Parent Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent association scholarships Scholarships Parent Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent association scholarships Scholarships Parent Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent association scholarships Scholarships Parent Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent association scholarships Scholarships Parent Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent association scholarships Scholarships Parent Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent association scholarships Scholarships Parent Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent association scholarships Scholarships Parent Association Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs parent association scholarships Scholarships Parent Association Division of Student Affairs  Scholarships - Parent Association | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Scholarships - Parent Association Parent Association Scholarships The UNT Parent Association awards scholarships in the spring semester each academic year. Two different types of scholarships are awarded—the Scholastic Scholarship and the Draw, or External Scholarship. The number of scholarships given in each category depends on the availability of funds with a minimum of five $500 scholarships awarded in the Draw category. For each recipient, the amount awarded is split evenly between the following fall and spring semesters. The scholarships are given to an undergraduate or graduate student who has attended one full semester at UNT. Summer sessions are not considered full semesters. Students may re-apply for the scholarships annually and students can receive a Parent Association scholarship multiple times during their collegiate experience at UNT. The only restriction being that students are not eligible to receive both the draw scholarship and the scholastic scholarship during the same academic year. The student may submit an application for both or just one as long as the requirements listed below are met. Scholarship Requirements "Draw"/External Scholarship The student's parent or legal guardian must be an active member of the UNT Parent Association. The student must be enrolled the following fall and spring semester at UNT. The student must have completed at least one full semester at UNT. Deadline - April 3, 2017 2017 Draw/External Scholarship Application Scholastic Scholarship Awarding Department UNT Parent Association Department Contact parents@unt.edu Career Undergrad/ Graduate Classification Any/ student's parent or legal guardian must be a current member of the UNT Parent Association Major Any Minimum Cumulative GPA 2.5 (with at least one full-time semester) High School Rank n/a Test Scores n/a Minimum Total Credit Hours Earned n/a Minimum Total Credit Hours Earned at UNT student must have completed at least one full semester at UNT FAFSA encouraged, but not required Other The student must meet the minimum entrance and academic performance standards of the SFAS. These standards can be found here or call 940-565-2302.  Deadline - March 1 UNT Parent Association Scholastic Scholarship Application Scholarship Submission Information  Scholastic Scholarship The Scholastic Scholarship application should be submitted via the Student Financial Aid and Scholarships office. The recipients of this scholarship are selected by the university scholarship committee and notification of this scholarship usually occurs near the end of April and the first of May. External/ Draw Scholarship The Draw Scholarship application should be submitted to Parent Programs, in the Office of Orientation and Transition Programs, located in the University Union, Suite 377. Draw Scholarship winners will be drawn by the Parent Association Executive Board and/or General Board and notified at approximately the same time as the Scholastic Scholarship recipients. The deadline for both the scholarships are noted on the application forms and above. For other scholarship resources, please look at the UNT Student Financial Aid and Scholarships web site. Parent Association Executive Board Meetings & ByLaws Newsletters Scholarships Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 