 housing   housing policies mail and packages Mail and Packages Housing housing   housing policies mail and packages Mail and Packages Housing housing   housing policies mail and packages Mail and Packages Housing housing   housing policies mail and packages Mail and Packages Housing housing   housing policies mail and packages Mail and Packages Housing housing   housing policies mail and packages Mail and Packages Housing housing   housing policies mail and packages Mail and Packages Housing housing   housing policies mail and packages Mail and Packages Housing housing   housing policies mail and packages Mail and Packages Housing housing   housing policies mail and packages Mail and Packages Housing  Mail and Packages | Housing Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Housing Guide Residence Halls Rates » Rates Deadlines 2016-2017 Housing Rates 2017 Summer Rates 2017-2018 Rates Guide LLCs » LLCs Apply Living Learning FAQ Housing Policies » Housing Policies Housing Handbook Contract Terms and Conditions Commuter Exception Staff Job Opportunities » Job Opportunities Day Desk Clerk Night Desk Clerk Hall Director Assistant Hall Director RLA FAQ Part-time Desk Clerk eHousing Search form Search Housing MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Housing Main menu Home Housing Guide Residence Halls RatesDeadlines 2016-2017 Housing Rates 2017 Summer Rates 2017-2018 Rates Guide LLCsApply Living Learning FAQ Housing PoliciesHousing Handbook Contract Terms and Conditions Commuter Exception Job OpportunitiesDay Desk Clerk Night Desk Clerk Hall Director Assistant Hall Director Part-time Desk Clerk RLA FAQ Staff eHousing Residents may sign up for a mailbox at no additional cost through Eagle Express, the mail service provider in the University Union. Eagle Express Mail allows mailbox holders to send and receive mail through USPS, UPS, FedEx, or DHL. To receive mail via an Eagle Express mailbox, a resident’s address should be listed as follows: Resident’s Name 1155 Union Circle # (box number) Denton, TX 76203-5017 Mail, including packages, from the United States Postal Service cannot be delivered to the residence halls or the Housing Administration mailbox. Packages sent via UPS, FedEx, or DHL, and other services, such as florists, can also be sent to the residence halls. Before sending a package to the hall, residents and parents should verify the delivery address at Staff Directory or through the hall’s front desk staff. Desk personnel will sign for the package or delivery and notify the resident to pick it up at the front desk. Students who receive notification of a package or delivery should pick it up at their earliest convenience, as some of the items may be perishable. For large deliveries, the front desk staff should be notified in advance. A resident should inform the front desk staff and/or the Hall Director in advance if he or she is expecting to receive a perishable item or medicine, such as insulin. Visit Us Crumley Hall UNT Housing 1621 W. Highland St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us UNT Housing 1155 Union Circle #311310 Denton, TX 76203 Phone: (940) 565-2610 Fax: (940) 369-8764 Contact Us (940) 565-2610 housinginfo@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 