 registrar   parents Information for Parents Registrar registrar   parents Information for Parents Registrar registrar   parents Information for Parents Registrar registrar   parents Information for Parents Registrar registrar   parents Information for Parents Registrar registrar   parents Information for Parents Registrar registrar   parents Information for Parents Registrar registrar   parents Information for Parents Registrar registrar   parents Information for Parents Registrar registrar   parents Information for Parents Registrar  Information for Parents | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us   Information for Parents HomeInformation for Parents Parental Access to Student Records Access to student personal information is governed by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), which protects the confidentially and integrity of student records by restricting access and granting students rights to inspect and review records kept by the institution. Under FERPA, no person or group may access protected education records without permission from the student. Parents do not have inherent rights to access their student’s education records including but not limited to: grades, tuition bills, academic standing and financials. Read more about student privacy and educational records in the Academics section of the UNT Catalog. To view the rights parents have under FERPA, visit http://www.unt.edu/ferpa/parental-rights.html. Information not protected under FERPA is considered Directory Information and the institution may release it to individuals or groups requesting this data. For a list of Directory Information, visit http://registrar.unt.edu/transcripts-and-records/withhold-or-release-your-personal-information. Students can restrict the release of directory information by completing the Request to Prevent Disclosure of Directory Information available at http://www.unt.edu/ferpa/withhold directory form.pdf. Important Policy Information Excess Hours Based on Texas Education Code 54.014, undergraduate students who are classified as Texas Resident eligible to pay instate tuition, are subject to an additional excessive hour tuition rate. The code became law in the fall of 2007 and impacts undergraduate students who initially enrolled at any Texas public institution 1999 and later. For details regarding the excess hours calculation please visit (link to excess hours page) Residency Former and Continuing students wishing to apply for instate residency for tuition purposes may contact the Office of the Registrar. Information is provided to students who want to determine eligibility to qualify as residents of Texas for tuition purposes. For details, please visit the following link. 6 Drop Limit Students enrolling in higher education during the fall 2007 academic term or after are subject to the 6 Drop Limit. For details on this Texas Legislative requirement, please see http://registrar.unt.edu/registration/dropping-class#droplimit. Additional Resources For more information, contact the Registrar's Information Counter by calling 940-565-2111 or visiting Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC) Room 147. Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building http://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 