 studentaffairs   center for leadership and service programs Programs Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center for leadership and service programs Programs Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center for leadership and service programs Programs Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center for leadership and service programs Programs Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center for leadership and service programs Programs Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center for leadership and service programs Programs Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center for leadership and service programs Programs Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center for leadership and service programs Programs Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center for leadership and service programs Programs Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   center for leadership and service programs Programs Center for Leadership and Service Division of Student Affairs  Programs - Center for Leadership and Service | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Center for Leadership and Service » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Center for Leadership and Service Home About UsStaff Programs Contact DSA Home Programs Adopt-A-Block The Adopt-a-Block program gives students, faculty, and staff the opportunity to participate in creating a... By: Center for Leadership and Service All for NT/NT for All All for NT/NT for All is a one day conference focused on introducing student leaders to new topics to enhance... By: Center for Leadership and Service Alternative Service Breaks The mission of the University of North Texas' Alternative Breaks Program is to raise awareness of social... By: Center for Leadership and Service Be the Match Join more than 8,000 students, faculty and staff who have registered with the Be the Match Registry® (the... By: Center for Leadership and Service Big Event: Make a Difference Day On Saturday, October 22,2016, the University of North Texas is celebrating a day of service through Make a... By: Center for Leadership and Service Big Event: The Big Event The Big Event is a nationally recognized day of service celebrated by the UNT community on Saturday, March 25... By: Center for Leadership and Service Community Engagement Graduation Cord Congratulations! You're nearly there. After all of the fantastic work you have done for the University... By: Center for Leadership and Service Eaglethon Eaglethon at UNT is a unique and exciting tradition dedicated to raising awareness and funds to serve the... By: Center for Leadership and Service Eagle Transcript Eagle Transcript is a co-curricular transcript program that keeps track of students’ involvement &... By: Center for Leadership and Service Emerging Leaders Series Are you a first or second year student? Do you want to develop your leadership skills and get connected to... By: Center for Leadership and Service Greek Emerging Leaders Greek Emerging Leaders is designed for members of the Greek community at the University of North Texas who... By: Center for Leadership and Service IMPACT Student Boards The Center for Leadership & Service is a great place to get involved as a student leader. Students gain... By: Center for Leadership and Service LeaderShape The LeaderShape Institute at UNT is open to freshmen, sophomores, juniors, non-graduating seniors and... By: Center for Leadership and Service Leadership Studies Certificate Do you want to develop your skills as a leader? Participate in Leadership Courses, open to students from any... By: Center for Leadership and Service Mentor Denton Did you have a mentor in your life that made a difference for you? This is your chance to make a difference... By: Center for Leadership and Service UNT SERVES! REAL Community UNT SERVES! is a REAL Community for 51 students in Kerr Hall. It is supported by the College of Public... By: Center for Leadership and Service Volunteer and Non-Profit Fairs This year, the Center for Leadership & Service is partnering with the Career Center to combine a... By: Center for Leadership and Service Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 