 sportpsych   Center for Sport Psychology sportpsych   Center for Sport Psychology sportpsych   Center for Sport Psychology sportpsych   Center for Sport Psychology sportpsych   Center for Sport Psychology sportpsych   Center for Sport Psychology sportpsych   Center for Sport Psychology sportpsych   Center for Sport Psychology sportpsych   Center for Sport Psychology sportpsych   Center for Sport Psychology  Center for Sport Psychology Jump to Navigation UNT Department of Psychology Department of KHPR North Texas Mean Grean Athletics Toulouse Graduate School Admin Login Center for Sport Psychology Search this site: Main menuHome About Us Services Graduate Education Research Resources Message from the Director Welcome to the UNT Center for Sport Psychology and Performance Excellence website. I appreciate you taking this opportunity to learn more about our Center and the work we do at the university and in the community. The Center for Sport Psychology is a national leader in (a) providing services to athletes, coaches and teams, (b) educating future sport psychologists as well as current coaches and sport administrators, (c) conducting research with exercisers and sport participants, and (d) working with the community, such as youth sport programs, to make sport a more enjoyable and meaningful... (read more) Center News Center Director Chairs Meeting on the Development of National Guidelines for the Practice of Sport Psychology March 25, 2017 - Dr. Trent A. Petrie, Director of the Center for Sport Psychology, has been selected to chair the committee that has been tasked by the American Psychological Association’s Division 47 (Sport and Exercise Psychology) to... (read more) Center Staff Weigh in on Bullying in Softball Offering Solutions for Creating a Healthy Competitive Environment March 24, 2017 - Kristina Clevinger, Center Sport Consultant, shared her expertise on creating a champion environment in softball that recognizes the efforts and value of all players and promotes competition through support, not denigration... (read more) Center Faculty and Staff Present at Annual Sport Psychology Conference October 1, 2016 – The UNT Center’s Director Dr. Trent A. Petrie and faculty member, Dr. Scott Martin, along with doctoral students Shelley Sheinbein, Brian Yu, and Erin Albert, presented papers at the annual conference of the Association... (read more) NBC Channel 5 Spotlights Center’s ACL Study October 6, 2016 - NBC Channel 5 health reporter Bianca Castro visited the University of North Texas to learn more about the Center’s ongoing ACL Return to Sport study.  She spotlights the research and interviews UNT football player... (read more) UNT Awarded Top 25 Status for Graduate Programs in Sport Psychology October 2, 2016 - The University of North Texas' three graduate programs in sport psychology (Ph.D. in Counseling Psychology with a specialization in sport psychology; M.S. in Kinesiology with an emphasis in psychosocial aspects of sport; Ph.D.... (read more) News Archive For information on past Center for Sport Psychology news and events, click here UNT Center for Sport Psychology Services Top level athletes know that to achieve performance excellence, they have to be at their best, not only physically, but mentally as well.  Are you doing everything possible to ensure that you are mentally prepared to perform consistently at the highest level?Whatever your skill level, your age, gender, or sport, we can help you evaluate your current performance and develop the skills and mindset needed to reach your optimal level of performance and enjoy what you are doing.  We offer specialized services and resources for:Individual Athletes and PerformersCoaches and Business LeadersSport Teams and GroupsParents of AthletesDallas Marathon Psyching TeamReturn to Sport: Improving Athletes' Confidence and Mindset Post-ACL Surgery Graduate Education in Sport Psychology at UNT At UNT, there are two educational options for students interested in pursuing a graduate degree in sport psychology. First, within the Department of Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation, students can pursue a master’s degree in Kinesiology that emphasizes the psychosocial aspects of sport. To learn more about this degree option, click here. Second, students can pursue a doctorate within the Psychology Department’s APA-accredited counseling psychology program and then select sport psychology as their specialization. Students who graduate from the doctoral program will be eligible for licensure as a psychologist and certification as a sport consultant through the Association for Applied Sport Psychology. To learn more about this degree option, click here. UNT Center for Sport Psychology on the Web To learn more about the UNT Center for Sport Psychology, we invite you to view our video on YouTube and become a friend of the Center on Facebook. more Contact Information: Street Address 1611 West Mulberry St. Room 235, Terrill Hall, University of North Texas Denton, TX 76203 USA Voice: 940 369-7767 Fax: 940 565-4682 http://sportpsych.unt.edu/ Email us: sportpsych@unt.edu Technical problems: cws@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 9, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness Web Development by: Neena Weng in 2010, The User Interfaces Unit of the UNT Libraries. 