 efec   Elm Fork Education Center efec   Elm Fork Education Center efec   Elm Fork Education Center efec   Elm Fork Education Center efec   Elm Fork Education Center efec   Elm Fork Education Center efec   Elm Fork Education Center efec   Elm Fork Education Center efec   Elm Fork Education Center efec   Elm Fork Education Center  Elm Fork Education Center Search Search this site: Skip to content | login MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Elm Fork Education Center Teachers Kids Parents Volunteers Home School Labs Scouts and Families Facebook Flickr Home Directions News and Events Calendar Summer Camps Login Registration ATTENTION TEACHERS Registration for Environmental Discovery Adventure (EDA) Field Trips for the 2017-2018 school year is now open! Update your account before you try to register. Registration for Explorer's Summer Camp 2017 will officially open March 20, 2017 at 8 am. For details about our camp offerings- Summer Camp Preview 2017. Can't access your account?  or having trouble with wait times?  Submit a registration form by fax, email, mail or in person.  Download a registration form from the Summer Camp page.  If you experience trouble registering, please contact Brian Wheeler: btw@unt.edu   Mission Statement The mission of the Elm Fork Education Center is to develop and implement premiere environmental education programs.  These programs will provide investigative encounters that engage students of all ages in field activities and discovery experiences.  These opportunities are designed to encourage sound environmental decision making and responsible environmental stewardship. About Us Elm Fork Education Center is the public education branch of the University of North Texas’s Environmental Programs, which include Environmental Science, Environmental Ethics, Environmental and Community Journalism, Astronomy, Environmental Education, and the Department of Geography. Elm fork Education Center (EFEC) is located in the Environmental Education, Science, and Technology Building (EESAT), which is a 117,000 square foot environmentally friendly facility.   Contact Us: Elm Fork Education Center 1155 Union Circle #310559 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940.565.4912 Fax: 940.565.4297 Visit Us: Physical Address: 1704 W. Mullberry, Denton, TX 76201. PLEASE Follow these directions. http://efec.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. elmfork@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 8, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 