  library   ohp The  Oral History Program Oral History  library   ohp The  Oral History Program Oral History  library   ohp The  Oral History Program Oral History  library   ohp The  Oral History Program Oral History  library   ohp The  Oral History Program Oral History  library   ohp The  Oral History Program Oral History  library   ohp The  Oral History Program Oral History  library   ohp The  Oral History Program Oral History  library   ohp The  Oral History Program Oral History  library   ohp The  Oral History Program Oral History  The UNT Oral History Program | Oral History Skip to main content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Search UNT Seach Oral History Browse Toggle navigation Home About Collection FAQ Contact OHP@50 Recent Announcements Humanities Texas Highlights POW Interviews from the UNT Oral History Collection Among the many other things Humanities Texas, the state affiliate of the National Endowment for the Humanities, does for the people of Texas, it sponsors workshops and creates curriculum aids for... more UNT Oral History Program launches 50th anniversary commemoration Throughout 2015 the UNT OHP will celebrate its 50th anniversary by showcasing interviews from its collection and by sponsoring special events. Please visit ... more Support the UNT Oral History Program Did you know that you can support the work of the UNT Oral History Program with the click of a mouse? By... more The UNT Oral History Program The UNT Oral History Program is a longstanding research initiative of the University of North Texas. Housed at Willis Library on UNT’s main campus in Denton, Texas, the Program is affiliated with the UNT Department of History and supported by the UNT College of Arts and Sciences and UNT Libraries. The Program records, transcribes, and archives oral history interviews covering a wide variety of subject matter in order to preserve local, state, and U.S. history. The Program trains UNT students in the theory and methods of oral history and conducts workshops for members of the larger community who are interested in preserving their own histories. We also have ongoing partnerships with local history societies and historical museums, local, state and national agencies, fellow colleges and universities, and many other community organizations that share our mission. Nearly all interview recordings are transcribed. The transcripts are edited, bound, and archived in Willis Library, where they are available to scholarly researchers and members of the general public through UNT Special Collections. Please visit our Collection page for additional information on individual interviews, collections, and ways to access the collection. The strengths of the collection include (but are not limited to) World War II history, with a collection of over 1,000 interviews with WWII veterans; Texas political history; Texas business history; history of the New Deal in Texas; civil rights history; and immigration history. Your donations help to make our work possible.     University Libraries Contact Information University of North Texas Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 (940) 565-2411 Locations, Maps, and Hours Contact Us Online Tell us how we are doing Report a problem Submit a help ticket Powered by Drupal Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy   |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  UNT Home 