 speechandhearing   clinic  Speech and Hearing Center Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology speechandhearing   clinic  Speech and Hearing Center Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology speechandhearing   clinic  Speech and Hearing Center Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology speechandhearing   clinic  Speech and Hearing Center Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology speechandhearing   clinic  Speech and Hearing Center Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology speechandhearing   clinic  Speech and Hearing Center Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology speechandhearing   clinic  Speech and Hearing Center Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology speechandhearing   clinic  Speech and Hearing Center Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology speechandhearing   clinic  Speech and Hearing Center Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology speechandhearing   clinic  Speech and Hearing Center Department of Audiology Speech Language Pathology  UNT Speech and Hearing Center | Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact Information » Contact Information Faculty and Staff » Faculty and Staff Faculty Adjunct Faculty Staff Programs » Programs Program Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology » Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree Minor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology » Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology Leveling / Out-of-Field Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research Clinic » Clinic Speech and Language Services » Speech and Language Services Testimonials, SLP Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation » Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation Testimonials, AUD Tinnitus Services Career Opportunities Forms, Resources » Forms, Resources Grad Student Assistantships Scholarships Schedule of Classes Professional Organizations Student Associations Resources » Resources Video System Support Request Search form Search Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Main menu Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact InformationFaculty and StaffFaculty Adjunct Faculty Staff ProgramsProgram Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/AudiologyMinor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language PathologyLeveling / Out-of-Field Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research ClinicSpeech and Language ServicesTestimonials, SLP Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing ConservationTestimonials, AUD Tinnitus Services Career Opportunities Forms, ResourcesGrad Student Assistantships Schedule of Classes Scholarships Professional Organizations Student Associations ResourcesVideo System Support Request UNT Speech and Hearing Center Are you ready for Camp Communicate 2017? Get the details and registration info (click here)! 940-565-2262 ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ Andi Seibold, Au.D., F-AAA  --  Clinical Director of Audiology Theresa Kouri, Ph.D., CCC-SLP  --  Clinical Director of Speech-Language Pathology ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ The University of North Texas Speech and Hearing Center has been serving people with speech, language, and hearing disorders since 1967. The Center strives to provide superior professional diagnostic and treatment services in speech-language pathology and audiology while providing excellence in clinical education for students in the Department of Speech and Hearing Sciences at the University of North Texas. Our showcase facility boasts a hearing aid dispensary, preschool language room, numerous therapy and diagnostic rooms, areas for families to observe clinical sessions, and ample parking. Conveniently located near downtown Denton and Interstate 35, the center attracts clients from throughout northern Texas and southern Oklahoma. The Center averages 5000 client visits per year, with over 150 people receiving therapy on a weekly basis and more than 500 coming to have their speech, language, or hearing evaluated. The professional personnel include twenty speech-language pathologists and audiologists, all holding professional certification from the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association and licensure from the State of Texas. The UNT Speech and Hearing Center provides services to clients in a non-discriminatory manner without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national or ethnic origin, disability, age, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship, or status as a covered veteran. Appointments The University of North Texas Speech and Hearing Center accepts referrals from community agencies, patients and their families, physicians, schools, speech-language pathologists, and other audiologists. The Center is out-of-network under most insurance plans but can provide documentation to the patient to file a claim when needed. The Center has a sliding fee scale. For further information or to make an appointment, call 940-565-2262. Notice of Privace Practices Notice of Privacy Practices Referrals The Center accepts referrals from civic groups, community agencies, former clients and their families and friends, physicians and other health-care professionals, private industry, and public schools, as well as self-referrals. Referral Form Reduced Fees The Center charges for services and accepts payment through cash, credit card, and insurance. A sliding fee scale based upon income and number of dependents is available. A new Fee Adjustment Form is due at the start of each school year. Sliding-scale fees will be re-evaluated based on continued need and the Center’s current pricing structure. Documentation of household income is required. Please provide either copies of your prior year’s tax return or paycheck stubs for prior 3 months for your household. If unavailable, please discuss with Center’s Billing Coordinator. Fee Adjustment Form Hours The Center is open from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday. Services are provided by appointment. Contact Information    Speech and Hearing Center 907 West Sycamore Street Denton, Texas (940) 565-2262 (voice) (940) 369-7702 (fax) TTY ( 940) 369-7325 Mailing Address University of North Texas Speech and Hearing Center 1155 Union Circle # 305010 Denton, Texas 76203 Visit Us Speech & Hearing Clinic 907 W. Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #305010 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-2481 speechandhearing@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 