 studentaffairs   coliseum and gateway center coliseum Coliseum Super Pit Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   coliseum and gateway center coliseum Coliseum Super Pit Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   coliseum and gateway center coliseum Coliseum Super Pit Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   coliseum and gateway center coliseum Coliseum Super Pit Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   coliseum and gateway center coliseum Coliseum Super Pit Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   coliseum and gateway center coliseum Coliseum Super Pit Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   coliseum and gateway center coliseum Coliseum Super Pit Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   coliseum and gateway center coliseum Coliseum Super Pit Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   coliseum and gateway center coliseum Coliseum Super Pit Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   coliseum and gateway center coliseum Coliseum Super Pit Division of Student Affairs  Coliseum ("Super Pit") | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Coliseum and Gateway Center » Home Coliseum Gateway Center Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Coliseum and Gateway Center Home Coliseum Gateway Center Contact DSA Home Coliseum ("Super Pit") Mission  The Coliseum provides quality programs, services and facilities that enhance the educational experience and create community for students, faculty, staff, alumni, and guests. Connect History It has been called one of the finest basketball facilities in college athletics.  The University of North Texas Coliseum, or "The Super Pit," is home to the North Texas Men's and Women's basketball teams.  Built in 1973, the Coliseum is designed for multipurpose use and has excellent viewing sight lines from any seat in the arena. The arena, designed for functional flexibility, features aesthetic and technical excellence for both patrons and performers.  The physical configuration evolved by combining the requirements of two diverse seating layouts; one for theatrical stage seating, and the other for coliseum-in-the-round seating. A third major configuration may be constructed by locating a stage at one end of the arena floor.  All of these major seating situations have been satisfied.  The acoustics, lighting, speaker systems and various riggings are all suitable for the three configurations. The Coliseum has 9,797 upholstered permanent theater type seats plus forty-eight positions for wheelchairs.  With additional meeting space located on the lower level, the Coliseum is large enough to accommodate a wide range of activities.  Besides basketball games, commencements and concerts, there have also been luncheons, workshops, dances, camps and competitions.  Versatility is a key word in describing the Coliseum. Accessibility  The east entrances to the Coliseum, located on Avenue D, are ground-level and allow easy access to the venue for our guests with special needs. In addition, there are limited handicapped parking spaces as well as a special needs drop-off area on this side of the Coliseum. Physical Address:  600 Avenue D Phone: (940) 565 - 2557 Map Coliseum ("Super Pit") Rooms & Facilities Reservations Parking & Directions Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 