s bbsupport   Blackboard Faculty Supports bbsupport   Blackboard Faculty Supports bbsupport   Blackboard Faculty Supports bbsupport   Blackboard Faculty Supports bbsupport   Blackboard Faculty Supports bbsupport   Blackboard Faculty Supports bbsupport   Blackboard Faculty Supports bbsupport   Blackboard Faculty Supports bbsupport   Blackboard Faculty Supports bbsupport   Blackboard Faculty Support  Blackboard Faculty Support Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Blackboard Faculty Support Home New FeaturesNew for Spring 2015 New for Spring 2014 New for Fall 2013 New for Summer 2013 Faculty ResourcesStart of Semester Tasks Technical Requirements Supported Technologies Blackboard Policies Mobile Learn Workshops FAQs Guides and Tips Lynda.com Integration Zip Code Survey CONTACT USSupported Technologies Helpdesk Information Instructional Consultants System StatusOutage Calendar Scheduled Maintenance System Status Updates Suggestions Faculty Resources Start of Semester TasksGet your semester started off right with the steps listed here.   Guides and Tips Help guides provided by CLEAR and Blackboard to help instructors get familiar with Blackboard and other supported technologies. Workshops Sign up for CLEAR training workshops. Technical RequirementsSoftware requirements for running Blackboard Learn and it's add-on tools. Supported TechnologiesList of technologies that CLEAR supports. Blackboard PoliciesPolicies that all instructors who use Blackboard should familiarize themselves with.  Mobile Learn Information about on how to use Blackboard on a mobile device. FAQs Frequently asked questions provided by Blackboard.  Contact Us: Blackboard Faculty Support Mon - Thurs: 8am - 9pm Fri: 8am – 5pm Sat: 11am – 3pm Sun: Closed clearhelp@unt.edu , 940-369-7394 https://bbsupport.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. clearhelp@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on February 21, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 