 it   sst Student Success Technology University Information Technology  it   sst Student Success Technology University Information Technology  it   sst Student Success Technology University Information Technology  it   sst Student Success Technology University Information Technology  it   sst Student Success Technology University Information Technology  it   sst Student Success Technology University Information Technology  it   sst Student Success Technology University Information Technology  it   sst Student Success Technology University Information Technology  it   sst Student Success Technology University Information Technology  it   sst Student Success Technology University Information Technology   Student Success Technology | University Information Technology Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology Quick Links » UIT Help Desk IT Catalog of Services Lynda.com Login Adaptive Computer Lab Hardware, Software Info Tech Tour High-Performance Computing Services Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Research & Statistical Support Services Information Security IT Support by Department Report a Problem, Make a Request Wireless Networks at UNT Additional Top Links Research RSS Feed Page Search form Search University Information Technology MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University Information Technology Main menu Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology Student Success Technology Quick Links UIT Help Desk IT Catalog of Services Lynda.com Login Adaptive Computer Lab Hardware, Software Info Tech Tour High-Performance Computing Services Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Research & Statistical Support Services Information Security IT Support by Department Report a Problem, Make a Request Wireless Networks at UNT Additional Top Links Research RSS Feed Page About UIT Overview • UIT Phone Directory   • IT User Services    • Instructional IT Services    • Research IT Services   • Student Success Technology   • UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more!   Creating a System of Engagement Using Technology: The SST team members manage the Salesforce constituent-relationship management environment and applications supporting UNT academic advising, admissions and marketing efforts. Jennifer Lee, director, Student Success Technology Services, 940-369-6038 Service Areas Salesforce User Access      1. Establish a new account and provide access for an advisor/CRM-user     2. Update an existing account for an advisor/CRM-user     3. Remove access to an account for an advisor/CRM-user   Salesforce Support: To request support or troubleshooting, send an email to AdvisingCRMSupport@unt.edu Salesforce Training: Email requests for training to the SST Office.  Maureen Saringer, IT programmer analyst, 940-369-6059Jennifer Spillman, IT programmer analyst, 940-369-6050 About Us In 2012, a workshop of the UNT President’s Retention and Enrollment Council identified a need to investigate IT solutions and others for improving advising including eAdvising, enterprise appointment scheduling and notes. The university had two aging legacy databases for the campus to use for advising notes. Those systems needed to be replaced and enhanced to meet the current needs of advisors and other student-support professionals. In early 2013, members of a workshop focusing on retention data generated an initiative around documentation of advising. A task force of advisors, representatives of UNT's Division of Student Affairs, and technical resources was assembled to develop a solution. The group developed a charge, created a shared vision for advising technology, refined a detailed list of requirements, and evaluated several possible solutions ranging from niche advising products to comprehensive constituent relationship management, CRM, products. The group selected Salesforce after a comprehensive and extensive search.  The overall goal of the project is to provide the following. 360-degree view of a student’s academic and co-curricular activities on a single platform Secure and shareable advising notes including referral and workflow capabilities Imaging support Online student self-service for appointments, and Enablement of enhanced, targeted communications with students in support of advising and student life The project kicked off in the fall of 2014 to provide a campus-wide, advising-notes system with basic reporting. Hosted by the UNT College of Arts and Sciences and College of Education, data from two internal databases were migrated successfully into the Salesforce platform. The system went live on April 20, 2015, with more than 200 users from all academic advising units at the Denton campus. Other user groups included the UNT Learning Center, Athletics, and Honors College. The university is expanding the presence of Salesforce from advising to a comprehensive student success system with offices of Admissions and University Relations, Marketing and Communications as the next partners. For an update about Salesforce, read Benchmarks Online, June 2016. Do you have a great idea about information technology? Let us know! Submit your idea today! Visit Us Sage Hall 1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 