 it   helpdeskfaq Frequently Asked Questions University Information Technology  it   helpdeskfaq Frequently Asked Questions University Information Technology  it   helpdeskfaq Frequently Asked Questions University Information Technology  it   helpdeskfaq Frequently Asked Questions University Information Technology  it   helpdeskfaq Frequently Asked Questions University Information Technology  it   helpdeskfaq Frequently Asked Questions University Information Technology  it   helpdeskfaq Frequently Asked Questions University Information Technology  it   helpdeskfaq Frequently Asked Questions University Information Technology  it   helpdeskfaq Frequently Asked Questions University Information Technology  it   helpdeskfaq Frequently Asked Questions University Information Technology   Frequently Asked Questions | University Information Technology Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology Help Desk Menu » UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for Employees » Resources for Employees Resources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors Report an Issue » Report an Issue View Your IT Ticket Information Security – UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service Search form Search University Information Technology MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University Information Technology Main menu Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology Frequently Asked Questions Help Desk Menu UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for EmployeesResources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors Report an Issue View Your IT Ticket Information Security – UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service About UIT Overview • UIT Phone Directory   • IT User Services    • Instructional IT Services    • Research IT Services   • Student Success Technology   • UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more! Password Assistance for your Enterprise User IDentification How can I manage my EUID and password? I can't log into my account. What should I do? Distance Learning • Blackboard Learn Where can I find help information for Blackboard Learn? Where can I check the Blackboard Learn technical requirements and do a browser check? How do I log into BlackBoard Learn?  How do I troubleshoot login problems? EagleConnect Email System Where do I find information about EagleConnect? Where is the link to sign in to EagleConnect? Is there an FAQ page for EagleConnect? Can I forward my EagleConnect to another email account? I am receiving messages from eaglemsg@unt.edu. What is that? How do I access my EagleConnect email from a smartphone or desktop mail application? Wireless Networks What is the UNT wireless network?   |   General Information page How do I set up Wi-Fi service on my device? Accessibility, Accommodations and Microsoft© Support Where can I find out about disability accommodations?   Sage Hall Adaptive Computer Lab   |   UNT Office of Disability Accommodation   |   Microsoft© Accessibility Answer Desk Other Questions What is Eagle Alert and where can I go to configure it? My student organization needs a web page. How can I get one?    How can I clear my browser cache, cookies and history? Easy, click here. Please participate in the Help Desk Client Feedback Survey. Do you have a great idea about information technology? Let us know! Submit your idea today! Visit Us Sage Hall 1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 