 it   techtour The Technology Tour Starts Here University Information Technology  it   techtour The Technology Tour Starts Here University Information Technology  it   techtour The Technology Tour Starts Here University Information Technology  it   techtour The Technology Tour Starts Here University Information Technology  it   techtour The Technology Tour Starts Here University Information Technology  it   techtour The Technology Tour Starts Here University Information Technology  it   techtour The Technology Tour Starts Here University Information Technology  it   techtour The Technology Tour Starts Here University Information Technology  it   techtour The Technology Tour Starts Here University Information Technology  it   techtour The Technology Tour Starts Here University Information Technology   The Technology Tour Starts Here | University Information Technology Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology UIT Tech Tour Menu » 1. Help Desk Information 2. Account Management System, EagleConnect 3. myUNT, EagleAlert, Ask UNT 4. Online, Blended Learning 5. Student Computer Labs 6. Securing Your Data: Backing It Up 7. Wireless Connections 8. Wireless Connections for Residence Halls 9. Copyright Law, IT and You 10. Legal Downloads, Entertainment 11. Discounts on Hardware, Software 12. More IT Resources Search form Search University Information Technology MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University Information Technology Main menu Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology The Technology Tour Starts Here UIT Tech Tour Menu 1. Help Desk Information 2. Account Management System, EagleConnect 3. myUNT, EagleAlert, Ask UNT 4. Online, Blended Learning 5. Student Computer Labs 6. Securing Your Data: Backing It Up 7. Wireless Connections 8. Wireless Connections for Residence Halls 9. Copyright Law, IT and You 10. Legal Downloads, Entertainment 11. Discounts on Hardware, Software 12. More IT Resources About UIT Overview • UIT Phone Directory   • IT User Services    • Instructional IT Services    • Research IT Services   • Student Success Technology   • UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more! Technology Tour of IT Services at UNT – Your IT Survival Guide This online tour is a guide to information technology services at the University of North Texas for students, but it is recommended for employees as well. Start the tour with Stop #1 now or click on each of the individual links below to see a different aspect of student computing at UNT. Scroll down to the bottom of each page to proceed to the next stop on the tour.  Bookmark this page for easy reference.   The Tech Tour has 12 brief stops; each will familiarize you with an important and specific area of IT services, recommendations or support. University Information Technology Help Desk Student Account Management and EagleConnect Email MyUNT, myUNT mobile, EagleAlert and Ask UNT Online Learning: UNT eCampus Student Computer Labs Saving and Protecting Your Data Eaglenet and the UNT Wireless Networks ResNet: Information Technology Services in the Dorms Copyright, Information Technology, and You Free – and Legal – Music, Videos and More Hardware and Software Di$counts for Students: Save Money Information Technology Resources, Brochures to Download Next stop on the tour >>> Please address your questions about computing, information technology or the Tech Tour to the UIT Help Desk.   Call: 940-565-2324  |  Click: helpdesk@unt.edu  •  Help Desk Home Page  |  Come by: Sage Hall, Room 233   Please participate in the Help Desk Client Feedback Survey. Visit Us Sage Hall 1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 