 it   lynda Lynda com Service and Support University Information Technology  it   lynda Lynda com Service and Support University Information Technology  it   lynda Lynda com Service and Support University Information Technology  it   lynda Lynda com Service and Support University Information Technology  it   lynda Lynda com Service and Support University Information Technology  it   lynda Lynda com Service and Support University Information Technology  it   lynda Lynda com Service and Support University Information Technology  it   lynda Lynda com Service and Support University Information Technology  it   lynda Lynda com Service and Support University Information Technology  it   lynda Lynda com Service and Support University Information Technology   Lynda.com Service and Support | University Information Technology Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology Search form Search University Information Technology MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University Information Technology Main menu Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology Lynda.com Service and Support General Information University of North Texas students and employees are eligible to create accounts on Lynda.com. On this page, you will find links to sign in to your account along with setup instructions to establish a Lynda.com account from a computer and mobile device. Click here or on the green sign-in button below to access your Lynda.com account. Office and Classroom Usage Click here for general information for employees and managers. Click here for general information for faculty who are thinking about incorporating LyndaCampus into their teaching. Blackboard Learn integration is explained below. Find more than 4,700 video tutorials on multimedia production, design, professional skills and more – for UNT faculty, staff and currently enrolled students!   Setup Instructions  Computer and mobile-device setup instructions also are online. LyndaCampus and Blackboard Learn  LyndaCampus courses can be accessed from within Blackboard Learn and faculty are encouraged to incorporate these materials into their online courses and in a classroom setting. For more information about the LyndaCampus and Blackboard integration, please go to http://bbsupport.unt.edu/lynda. If you would like assistance setting up the integration in your course, please contact the UNT CLEAR Faculty Helpdesk by phone at 940-369-7394, or by email at clearhelp@unt.edu. LyndaCampus Highlighted Courses and Recommendations Help For assistance with this or any information technology issue, please contact the UIT Help Desk.940-565-2324   |   Email: helpdesk@unt.edu   ~   Online Help Desk   |   Location: Sage Hall, Room 233 About Lynda.com, Inc. Lynda.com is a leading online learning platform that helps people learn business, software, technology and creative skills to achieve personal and professional goals. Through the University of North Texas subscription, UNT students and employees have access to the Lynda.com video library of engaging, top-quality courses taught by recognized industry experts. For 20 years, Lynda.com has helped students, leaders, IT and design pros, project managers—anyone in any role—build software, creative, and business skills. Now part of Linkedin, Lynda.com serves more than 10,000 organizations. With tutorials in five languages, Lynda.com is a global platform for success. Lynda.com, Inc. Privacy Policy Visit Us Sage Hall 1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 