 it   helpdeskforemployees Help Desk IT for  Employees University Information Technology  it   helpdeskforemployees Help Desk IT for  Employees University Information Technology  it   helpdeskforemployees Help Desk IT for  Employees University Information Technology  it   helpdeskforemployees Help Desk IT for  Employees University Information Technology  it   helpdeskforemployees Help Desk IT for  Employees University Information Technology  it   helpdeskforemployees Help Desk IT for  Employees University Information Technology  it   helpdeskforemployees Help Desk IT for  Employees University Information Technology  it   helpdeskforemployees Help Desk IT for  Employees University Information Technology  it   helpdeskforemployees Help Desk IT for  Employees University Information Technology  it   helpdeskforemployees Help Desk IT for  Employees University Information Technology   Help Desk: IT for UNT Employees | University Information Technology Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology Help Desk Menu » UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for Employees » Resources for Employees Resources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors Report an Issue » Report an Issue View Your IT Ticket Information Security – UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service Search form Search University Information Technology MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University Information Technology Main menu Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology Help Desk: IT for UNT Employees Help Desk Menu UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for EmployeesResources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors Report an Issue View Your IT Ticket Information Security – UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service About UIT Overview • UIT Phone Directory   • IT User Services    • Instructional IT Services    • Research IT Services   • Student Success Technology   • UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more! Information Technology is an integral part of the university experience for everyone. Information Technology starts at your desktop, but can involve systems managed by your department, by one or more of the following entities. For IT help or to request an IT service, you may log in with your UNT credentials, EUID and password, to access ServiceNow, UNT System's cloud-based business-process management software.  UNT: University Information Technology Services, UITCatalog of IT Services • IT User Services     • UNT Drupal-user support • Instructional IT Services • Research IT Services • Student Success IT Services • Access to LyndaCampus: Lynda.com courses  |  LyndaCampus Playlist: Microsoft© Office 365: SharePoint, OneDrive, Outlook, Acrobat DC, Excel, PowerPoint and more • Recommended by University IT • New User Information UNT: University Information Services, UISClassroom Support Services UNT: Administrative Information Technology Services, AITS EagleConnect Email:  Your employing office, department or college manages your access to EagleConnect and Microsoft Office 365, the email system for official university business. UNT System: Information Technology Shared Services, ITSS ​​Telephone services: http://itss.untsystem.edu/telecom-servicesInformation Security and Virus Protection:  Learn about secure ways to protect your computer. Download McAfee anti-virus products. NOTE:  Free to UNT faculty, staff and students.UNT Wireless Connections:  The IT Shared Services Data Communications Group provides data and video services for students, faculty and staff of the UNT System.  UNT CLEAR Office, Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment and RedesignVideo Conferencing: The UNT video-conference network provides a resource for instruction or collaboration over long distances through the CLEAR Office, University of North Texas Videoconferencing Network, UNTVN. LyndaCampus and Blackboard Learn LyndaCampus courses can be accessed from within Blackboard Learn and faculty are encouraged to incorporate these materials into their online courses and in a classroom setting. For more information about the LyndaCampus and Blackboard integration, please go to http://bbsupport.unt.edu/lynda. If you would like assistance setting up the integration in your course, please contact the UNT CLEAR Faculty Helpdesk by phone at 940-369-7394, or by email at clearhelp@unt.edu. Desktop computing support is provided by a college or department-level IT support organization. To find your first point of contact for desktop computing issues, refer to the UNT Distributed IT Support List. Information on this page is for all employees, however, IT Services for Faculty are described in detail on a separate page. Strongly Recommended:  Take the Technology Tour. Designed to guide new and returning students, it is useful and informative for all who want to connect, configure and get to work using IT services at UNT. Things to Know UIT Help Desk: The University Information Technology Help Desk is located in Sage Hall, Room 233, Room 233, after March 19, 2017. The Help Desk team members provide support to all students, employees, retirees and visitors of the university who have questions and/or issues concerning computing and information technology at UNT. Each consultant at the Help Desk has primary responsibility for supporting general purpose computing services and providing a link to distributed computer support areas in the various colleges, departments and administrative units. Each computer support area is separately responsible for desktop-computing support and services specific to its area. University IT: Visit the UIT Home Page to help you get started with IT Services. On the home page, you will find menu links that refer to the most frequently requested information. Feel free to refer your students to this site and to the UIT Help Desk for IT matters. UIT Help Desk Contact Information: should you still have questions, feel free to contact the Help Desk. Call: 940-565-2324   |   Click: helpdesk@unt.edu  –  Online Help Desk   |   Come by: Sage Hall, Room 233 EUID: what is that? One of the most common questions answered by the UIT Help Desk is "What's my EUID?" EUID stands for "Enterprise User Identification" and has been created to simplify access to computer resources across campus. For employees, the EUID is created as soon one's employment forms are processed by the Human Resources Office; for students, the EUID is created when fees are paid. Not sure what your EUID is? If you are not sure what your EUID is, you can find out at the Account Management System website. Password: You also can check your password status in AMS as well as change your password and configure your preferred e-mail address there too. The Enterprise Information System: Visit the EIS portal to do a variety of things related to your employment at UNT. Once you have logged in with your EUID, you can do things such as view your paycheck, check your benefits, sign-up for training with human resources and more. EIS and Your Contact Information:  You also can verify or update your contact information to make sure you receive EagleAlert messages for emergency or inclement weather notices. Information Technology Services: for employees and for faculty The UNT Copyright Resources website provides the UNT community with information about copyright law and resources to help people make good decisions when utilizing copyrighted material: copyright.unt.edu Student Computer Labs:  UNT’s Student Computer Labs are open to anyone with a valid UNT ID card. There are labs throughout the main Denton campus and two at the Discovery Park. The lab in Sage Hall, Room 153 has adaptive hardware and software for students with special needs. These labs are student-fee funded, but are open to faculty on an as-available basis. For more information, including lab hours see: computerlabs.unt.edu Benchmarks Online is University IT's news journal since 1980. Subscribe: Click here to subscribe. Read current issue: Click here to read the current issue. Archives: Click here to access the archives. Restrictions: UNT computer systems can be used only for activities related to academic work or other UNT-related business and activities; use for personal, commercial gain is not allowed. Learn the rules, by reading the UNT Computer Use Policy. Do you have a great idea about information technology? Let us know! Submit your idea today! Visit Us Sage Hall 1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 