 it   it resources retirees IT Resources for Retirees University Information Technology  it   it resources retirees IT Resources for Retirees University Information Technology  it   it resources retirees IT Resources for Retirees University Information Technology  it   it resources retirees IT Resources for Retirees University Information Technology  it   it resources retirees IT Resources for Retirees University Information Technology  it   it resources retirees IT Resources for Retirees University Information Technology  it   it resources retirees IT Resources for Retirees University Information Technology  it   it resources retirees IT Resources for Retirees University Information Technology  it   it resources retirees IT Resources for Retirees University Information Technology  it   it resources retirees IT Resources for Retirees University Information Technology   IT Resources for Retirees | University Information Technology Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology Help Desk Menu » UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for Employees » Resources for Employees Resources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors Report an Issue » Report an Issue View Your IT Ticket Information Security – UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service Search form Search University Information Technology MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University Information Technology Main menu Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology IT Resources for Retirees Help Desk Menu UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for EmployeesResources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors Report an Issue View Your IT Ticket Information Security – UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service About UIT Overview • UIT Phone Directory   • IT User Services    • Instructional IT Services    • Research IT Services   • Student Success Technology   • UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more! For account and password help for any of the following areas, please click here. Account Management System (AMS) EUID Account Information Account Activation Reset Password Change Password For help creating a password, click here. IT Services UIT Help Desk FAQs IT Shared Services Main Site UIT Newsletter - Benchmarks Anti-Virus Software Additional Resources Report a Security Incident Email Help Outlook Help Outlook Web Access EagleConnect for Retirees Retirees may request an EagleConnect account as an alternative to keeping their UNT Outlook Exchange account upon retirement. This option is found within the exit paperwork filed with the UNT Human Resources Department or may be requested after retirement following these instructions.  There are a few important things to note: A new email address in the form of FirstLast@my.unt.edu will be created. Upon request, the existing UNT Exchange alias (usually First.Last@unt.edu) can deliver mail to the new EagleConnect address. No mail from the UNT Exchange account will be transferred to the EagleConnect email address. Retirees will need to forward any existing mail to the new address if they wish to keep it. OneDrive will not be included; OneDrive is a service only available to current students and is explained in the FAQ above. The options below are available to the general public and may provide as alternatives for retirees. UNT does not support these services should trouble arise. Any free Microsoft Live account comes with 7GB of OneDrive cloud storage and basic Office Web Apps. This includes Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, and the OneDrive desktop application for syncing files to your computers. Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium is a paid-subscription based service that comes with 20GB of OneDrive cloud storage, access to Office Web Apps, and the Office desktop applications you're used to using. Microsoft Office 2013 can be purchased for use on a single computer and includes the Office desktop applications you're used to using. Google Drive with Google Docs comes with 15GB of free storage and may serve as an alternative to Microsoft OneDrive with Office Web Apps. Do you have a great idea about information technology? Let us know! Submit your idea today! Visit Us Sage Hall 1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 