 it   helpdesk grad students IT Resources for Graduate Students University Information Technology  it   helpdesk grad students IT Resources for Graduate Students University Information Technology  it   helpdesk grad students IT Resources for Graduate Students University Information Technology  it   helpdesk grad students IT Resources for Graduate Students University Information Technology  it   helpdesk grad students IT Resources for Graduate Students University Information Technology  it   helpdesk grad students IT Resources for Graduate Students University Information Technology  it   helpdesk grad students IT Resources for Graduate Students University Information Technology  it   helpdesk grad students IT Resources for Graduate Students University Information Technology  it   helpdesk grad students IT Resources for Graduate Students University Information Technology  it   helpdesk grad students IT Resources for Graduate Students University Information Technology   IT Resources for Graduate Students | University Information Technology Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology Help Desk Menu » UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for Employees » Resources for Employees Resources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors Report an Issue » Report an Issue View Your IT Ticket Information Security – UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service Search form Search University Information Technology MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University Information Technology Main menu Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology IT Resources for Graduate Students Help Desk Menu UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for EmployeesResources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors Report an Issue View Your IT Ticket Information Security – UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service About UIT Overview • UIT Phone Directory   • IT User Services    • Instructional IT Services    • Research IT Services   • Student Success Technology   • UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more! We hope this page serves as a handy starting point to get you acquainted – or re-acquainted, if you were an undergraduate here – with the resources that are available to you. University Information Technology provides many of the following resources, including the UIT Help Desk, your starting point for IT connectivity, access issues and troubleshooting. Be sure to look at the "Resources for Students" page as well. The UIT Help Desk – If you have a computing question and/or problem and can't think of whom to contact or where to look for a solution, just remember to contact the UIT Help Desk. Call: 940-565-2324   | Click: Online Help Desk  –  Email: helpdesk@unt.edu   |  Come by: Sage Hall, Room 233.  Student Computer Labs – A list of labs, their locations and operating hours – one is open 24 hours a day, seven days a week; check the SCL website. Adaptive Computer Lab – The Adaptive Computer Lab, located in Sage Hall, Room 153, is available for UNT students who benefit from acommodations, such as adaptive software and hardware. For more information about adaptive services available for students at the UNT campus, please visit the Office of Disability Accommodation, located in Sage Hall, Room 167. Other Services and Resources Lynda.com courses – More than 4,700 online video tutorials are available to currently enrolled UNT students and employees. LyndaCampus Playlist: Microsoft© Office 365: SharePoint, OneDrive, Outlook, Acrobat DC, Excel, PowerPoint and more • Recommended by University IT High Performance Computing – Graduate students working under the supervision of UNT researchers have access to the Talon high-performance computing system. Research and Statistical Support Services, R&SS – Provides research and statistical consulting and more. Research Data Services – Services are offered through the Exam and Research Data Services Office to graduate and post-graduate students completing a theses or doctoral dissertation with approval of the major professor: key-entry of survey or research projects into a custom data file, ready for analysis; customized scannable survey forms created using any current form.  Benchmarks Online – A monthly publication with timely articles including monthly columns from the UIT Help Desk and Research and Statistical Support staff. The online Student Tech Tour provides information and resources to help users gain access and connectivity to university services and learning applications. Is Your Computer Secure? A checklist and resource for password security, virus protection, copyright advice and a variety of other security issues. Source: UNT System Shared Services. Tips, Information and Resources: A handy brochure with a summary of the IT services available at UNT and how to access them quickly online – save to your desktop, print or bookmark this page. Visit Us Sage Hall 1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 