 it   legal downloads Legal Downloads University Information Technology  it   legal downloads Legal Downloads University Information Technology  it   legal downloads Legal Downloads University Information Technology  it   legal downloads Legal Downloads University Information Technology  it   legal downloads Legal Downloads University Information Technology  it   legal downloads Legal Downloads University Information Technology  it   legal downloads Legal Downloads University Information Technology  it   legal downloads Legal Downloads University Information Technology  it   legal downloads Legal Downloads University Information Technology  it   legal downloads Legal Downloads University Information Technology   Legal Downloads | University Information Technology Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology Help Desk Menu » UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for Employees » Resources for Employees Resources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors Report an Issue » Report an Issue View Your IT Ticket Information Security – UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service Search form Search University Information Technology MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University Information Technology Main menu Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology Legal Downloads Help Desk Menu UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for EmployeesResources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors Report an Issue View Your IT Ticket Information Security – UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service About UIT Overview • UIT Phone Directory   • IT User Services    • Instructional IT Services    • Research IT Services   • Student Success Technology   • UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more! Music, Videos and More for IT Legal Eagles at UNT Trying to stay up-to-date on the availability of music and video resources online and otherwise is often a challenge. The list of websites and resources below is only a jumping-off point. Remember, Google (or insert your favorite search engine name here) is your friend. Looking for something? Search the World Wide Web for it, it is probably out there! Whatever you do, always stay on the legal side of finding your entertainment. The Recording Industry Association of America®, RIAA, and/or the the Motion Picture Association of America, MPAA, may be watching. Seriously. UNT takes a hard stance against the illegal sharing of copyright-protected material; for more information please read UNT's Approach to Addressing Copyright Infringement. The RIAA has set up this page containing some of the more popular legal online music sources to help you access music online legally. Free Software to Protect Your Data Free McAfee Virus Scan sofware is available to students. ResNet and the dorms The University of North Texas has partnered with Apogee in order to provide Residential Network (ResNet) service. You can view Apogee’s end-user agreement at https://www.myresnet.com/pdf/eua.pdf . Additionally, EDUCAUSE has created a page that provides resources for legal campus downloading. Some of the sites they list for legal music downloads are listed below. You can: Buy Music -- For example: iTunes.com Buy.com MSN Music WalMart Music Purchase music subscriptions from places such as: Rhapsody Listen to music online: Spotify Pandora AOL Music MP3.com Last.fm Get music for free: Amazon.com:Free Free Music Downloads on Last.fm On the Internet Many websites offer a combination of music and videos for sale and, at times, free. iTunes, for example, offers music, movies, TV shows, books and podcasts. Additionally, iTunes U -- "Free lectures from top institutions." In addition to providing music and videos – for sale and for free – AOL Music has an "Online Radio" area that offers Free Internet Radio Stations. Yahoo! Music has been the "go to" place for listening to music online for a long time. It continues to offer free access to Internet radio, music videos, artist interviews, and lots more. MTV has all kinds of free music, videos, and music videos.  VH1 has a site with a similar look and feel of the MTV website. Magnatune -- offers "independent music to listen, download or license." On Campus A great source of free music and videos on campus is the University of North Texas Libraries. Specifically, the Media Library and the Music Library. Also worth noting is the Media Library's Film Series. More sources for movies, both on-campus and for download can be found at the Libraries' Online Media page. You can read more about the UNT Libraries and their assets here . The University Program Council, UPC, hosts movies and events, most of them free. Check out the campus calendar. You can filter for the types of events according to interest. Address your questions about this page to: UIT Help Desk Sage Hall, Room 233 • 940-565-2324 • helpdesk@unt.edu Visit Us Sage Hall 1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 