s benchmarks it   April 2017 Benchmarks Onlines benchmarks it   April 2017 Benchmarks Onlines benchmarks it   April 2017 Benchmarks Onlines benchmarks it   April 2017 Benchmarks Onlines benchmarks it   April 2017 Benchmarks Onlines benchmarks it   April 2017 Benchmarks Onlines benchmarks it   April 2017 Benchmarks Onlines benchmarks it   April 2017 Benchmarks Onlines benchmarks it   April 2017 Benchmarks Onlines benchmarks it   April 2017 Benchmarks Online  April 2017 | Benchmarks Online Skip to main content Benchmarks Online Search form Search Search Call us Contact Us UNT Map HomeCampus ComputingNetwork ConnectionHelp Desk FYIResearch MattersHotspot: People in the ZoneAITS News & InfoSubscribe, Opt OutQuicklinks Back MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect University Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT University Information Technology Benchmarks Online Search form Search Search MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Home Campus Computing Network Connection Help Desk FYI Research Matters Hotspot: People in the Zone AITS News & Info Subscribe, Opt Out MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Search form Search Search Home Campus Computing Network Connection Help Desk FYI Research Matters Hotspot: People in the Zone AITS News & Info Subscribe, Opt Out Benchmarks Online Student Success Technology Adds Appointment Manager Students will connect with services faster, easier in fall Today's CartoonIT News Roundup Campus Computing: Appointment Manager app is coming soon By Jennifer Lee, IT manager and director for Student Success Technology, UIT Students will be able to make online appointments with their academic advisors soon. UNT will be rolling out Appointment Manager, a web-based application designed to provide a quick and easy way for students to manage various appointments in one place. Appointment Manager allows users to schedule appointments at their own convenience. Students can view available appointments, select the desired appointment time, and complete the entire process without having to make a phone call or drop by an office to inquire about what’s available. Read more. Network Connection: Rabbit ears? By Philip Baczewski, senior director, University IT My thoughts have turned to rabbit ears just in time for the Easter holiday. However, the rabbit ears I'm thinking of are not the fuzzy kind, but the ones that used to sit on top of every "TV set" (that's what we called it) when I was a kid. What prompted this association was reading about the recent auction of some of the old TV broadcast spectrum for use by a new set of communication companies, all providing a digital, rather than analog, communication stream. Read more. University IT launches Talon 3 Talon 3's launch began in earnest April 5, 2017, with a workshop to unveil a new batch-queuing system and user-support portal. A small group has been beta testing the new cluster, said DaMiri Young, manager, High-Performance Computing. Read more.  Appreciation: a week set aside to celebrate year-round student-employee contributions University IT gathered during Student Appreciation Week, April 10-14, 2017, to celebrate students who work in several areas of the department. Candy-coated popcorn, peanuts and prizes were part of the festivities in the offices of the UIT Help Desk, High-Performance Computing, Sage Hall Adaptive Computer Lab, Microcomputer Maintenance Services and UIT Desktop Services. Read more.   Drupal users gather for networking and long-awaited training Drupalers from across campus will meet April 18, 2017, at the first Drupal Users MeetUp hosted by University Information Technology to kick off UNT's first-ever Drupal Training Program. Working with Drupal experts who volunteered from Willis Library, College of Arts and Sciences, College of Health and Public Service, University IT coordinated a Drupal Users Training Series beginning April 20 through Aug. 15, 2107. Read more.   UNT System Business Service Center recognizes Robin Melendez-Martin as a HUB champion Greg Obar, associate director, UNT System HUB Program, stopped by today to congratulate Robin Melendez-Martin for her use of historically underused businesses in her work as a purchasing agent for University IT! Flat Scrappy made the scene as well. Read more.     Hotspot: People in the Zone Melinda Hindman, IT-Services, College of Arts and Sciences Oscar Montero, Athletics Center, Administrative IT Services DaMiri Young, High-Performance Computing Studio, University IT   The UIT Help Desk and MMS relocate  With planning underway to transform Sage Hall into the UNT Student Success Center, officials of the Office of Space Management and Planning asked UIT to move two offices up one floor – the UIT Help Desk and Microcomputer Maintenance Services are now located in Room 233. Sharukh Mithani, manager, user services support, and his team moved computers and office equipment over spring break to the former office of the Emerald Eagles. Read more.   In this Issue Help Desk FYI How to download McAfee® Antivirus for Windows Research Matters Science is a Difficult Enterprise, but It is Worth It by Richard Herrington, research support consultant and manager, Research and Statistical Support USENIX Conference convenes at UNT to discuss storage architectures Next Generation Storage Architectures dominated the conversations of a five-hour gathering of IT professionals from across the UNT System for a USENIX lecture. People interested in storage architectures had a full agenda as they met April 10, 2017, in the University Union, Room 314A. Since 1975, the USENIX Association has brought together the community of engineers, system administrators, scientists, and technicians working on the cutting edge of the computing world. Read more. UNT researcher wins a grant to develop digital technology for use in the textile industry UNT professor and chair of the Department of Merchandising and Digital Retailing Bugao Xu won a grant awarded by the Walmart Foundation and the U.S. Conference of Mayors to develop digital technology for use in the textile industry. Read more in Textile World. How North Texas universities are improving tech education Ram Dantu, director of the UNT Center for Information and Cyber Security, discusses the university's aim to recruit top doctoral students from across the country. Read more in D Magazine. Cybersecurity self-defense: how to make your smartphone more secure Getting to know your tech is a long game and tends to happen in stages, bit by bit. The important thing is to get started. You might just find that each bit of control you gain is motivation enough for taking the next step. Read more. EDUCAUSE: Tracking key issues in teaching and learning: what matters most in 2017 Since 2011, EDUCAUSE Learning Initiative has been tracking key issues for higher education teaching and learning. Read more and download the infographic. UNT President announces update to key IT initiatives By Neal Smatresk, president, University of North Texas As you know, we’ve been focused on key IT initiatives to improve our students, faculty and staff’s user experience with technology inside and outside of the classroom. We’re trying to optimize interaction with our students and enhance their digital and online experiences, improve mobile technology, and create a better data warehouse and analytic tools. I wanted to update you on our progress. Read more. Editor's Note: Please note that information in each edition of Benchmarks Online is likely to change or degrade over time, especially links to various websites. For current information on a specific topic, search the UNT website, UNT's UIT Help Desk or the World Wide Web. Email your questions and comments to the UNT University Information Technology Department or call 940-565-4068. Top Main Menu Home Campus Computing Network Connection Help Desk FYI Research Matters Hotspot: People in the Zone AITS News & Info Subscribe, Opt Out University Links MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Email & Phone  unt.uit@unt.edu  940-565-4068 Benchmarks Online   UNT Sage Hall, Room 336   1167 Union Circle Denton, Texas 76203   Visitor Information Call us Email Us UNT Map Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links 