 it   helpdesk UIT Help Desk University Information Technology  it   helpdesk UIT Help Desk University Information Technology  it   helpdesk UIT Help Desk University Information Technology  it   helpdesk UIT Help Desk University Information Technology  it   helpdesk UIT Help Desk University Information Technology  it   helpdesk UIT Help Desk University Information Technology  it   helpdesk UIT Help Desk University Information Technology  it   helpdesk UIT Help Desk University Information Technology  it   helpdesk UIT Help Desk University Information Technology  it   helpdesk UIT Help Desk University Information Technology   UIT Help Desk | University Information Technology Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology Help Desk Menu » UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for Employees » Resources for Employees Resources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors Report an Issue » Report an Issue View Your IT Ticket Information Security – UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service Search form Search University Information Technology MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University Information Technology Main menu Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology UIT Help Desk Help Desk Menu UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for EmployeesResources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors Report an Issue View Your IT Ticket Information Security – UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service About UIT Overview • UIT Phone Directory   • IT User Services    • Instructional IT Services    • Research IT Services   • Student Success Technology   • UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more! How may we help you? The University Information Technology Help Desk is here to assist you – students, faculty, staff, retirees, alumni and visitors – with fast, professional answers to your computing and information technology questions! Through the links on this page, you will find our most requested information.   Note: We moved! Same building, second floor. Find us in Sage Hall, Room 233. Still need help? Call, click or come in!  Telephone:  940-565-2324Telephone Availability:    Sunday: noon-midnight    Monday-Thursday: 8 a.m.-midnight    Friday: 8 a.m.-8 p.m.    Saturday: 9 a.m.-5 p.m.Email:  helpdesk@unt.eduWebsite:  Bookmark this home page today!Create a Service Ticket: report a problem or request a serviceOffice Hours and Walk-in Support: Sage Hall, Room 233   |   Monday-Friday: 8 a.m.-8 p.m.Location:  Sage Hall, Room 233. Please participate in the Help Desk Client Feedback Survey. Staff: Meet the UIT Help Desk staff!   Help Desk Alerts, News and Information   EMPLOYEES: Find Your IT Support Group by Department   Benchmarks Online View the current edition and archives; send an email to the editor to contribute articles, photos or comments. Subscribe to UIT's journal published twice each semester with IT news and information since 1980.   IT Idea Center Do you have a great idea about information technology? Let us know! Submit your idea today! Visit Us Sage Hall 1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 