 apply   academics Academics Freshman Overview apply   academics Academics Freshman Overview apply   academics Academics Freshman Overview apply   academics Academics Freshman Overview apply   academics Academics Freshman Overview apply   academics Academics Freshman Overview apply   academics Academics Freshman Overview apply   academics Academics Freshman Overview apply   academics Academics Freshman Overview apply   academics Academics Freshman Overview  Academics | Freshman Overview Skip to main content Freshman Overview Menu Call us Email Us UNT Map HomeAcademicsCampus LifeLocationCostsCareerNext StepsPopular links Back Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Freshman Overview Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps Freshman Overview You are hereHomeAcademics Explore Your Passions Degrees & Majors Faculty Innovation Challenge Yourself Support Study Abroad The most degree choicesin the North Texas region With 101 bachelor’s, 82 master’s and 38 doctoral degrees, not only do we have the degree you need, we have the degree that will lead to a successful career. No matter which of our programs you choose, you can be sure that it’s outstanding. We’ve been recognized as an America's Top College by Forbes, and The Princeton Review annually names us a Best in the West university. Ranked a Tier One research university by the Carnegie Classification, UNT is a catalyst for innovation and entrepreneurship. Groundbreaking research is being conducted all over campus and you can participate, even as a freshman. Find your degree at UNT browse by school alphabetical list talk to a counselor We offer programs you won’t find anywhere else, making your opportunities as limitless as your potential. Check out a few of our unique offerings: Aviation Logistics Digital Retailing Ecology for Environmental Science Entrepreneurship Forensic Science Jazz Studies Mechanical and Energy Engineering We are one of the nation’s largest universities, with nearly 38,000 students studying at 12 colleges and schools. “What I love about UNT is that it feels like home. Engineering professors are easy to talk to and willing to help, and you can get involved in research projects. Also, the machinery and technology at Discovery Park is fascinating.” Nonso Chetuya,Materials Science and Engineering student Our professorsare amazing At UNT, you can take engineering classes from National Academy of Engineers members, polish your writing with help from a Pulitzer Prize nominee, conduct research under National Science Foundation grant recipients, or study music or theatre under Grammy or Emmy award-winning instructors. What’s more impressive than their titles and awards is how friendly and approachable our faculty members are. Stop to talk after class, visit them during office hours or pick their brain over a cup of coffee. Exceptional and engaging facultySee for yourself... Check out more fantastic videos about UNT! Educationoutside the box Our faculty members are always looking for ways to bring your class material to life. They provide hands-on learning opportunities that take education outside of the classroom and encourage in-depth discussion that allows you to benefit from their exceptional expertise. Innovationin action In every corner of our 900-acre campus, innovation is the focus. At our Discovery Park campus, engineering faculty and students test the next generation of sustainable materials in the Zero Energy Laboratory. In a state-of-the-art facility on our main campus, researchers are using patented technology to examine individual cancer cells, while logistics students in the Business Leadership Building use interactive simulations to create more efficient supply chain solutions for industry partners. If you’re ready to put theory into practice to solve real-world problems or create never before seen art, you’re ready to find your place among our community of solution-seekers and barrier-breakers. We’re so committed to an innovative education that we recently opened an off-site instructional facility dedicated to hands-on learning and collaboration. You can be among the first students to take classes at the UNT New College at Frisco. Pursuing excellence If intellectual pursuits are your passion, you’ll love being part of the Honors College. Smaller, Honors-only classes fuel stimulating discussions. You can live in Rawlins Hall, an academic community unlike anything else you’ll find on campus. Learn more about Honors College No limits for freshmen While other universities reserve research opportunities for upperclassmen, at UNT you can get hands-on training in your field by participating in university research as a freshman, working closely with experienced faculty mentors. Learn more about Research at UNT Rise to the challenge At UNT, there are many ways to serve your campus and community. Our Center for Leadership and Service will connect you with opportunities to engage as active citizens and leaders in the global community. Whether it’s The Big Event’s national day of service or a local blood drive, you’ll find inspiration and empowerment through service. If you’re looking for leadership opportunities, UNT is the place for you. You can help make the campus a better place through the Student Government Association, implement events and activities through the University Program Council or join and help lead any of our 400 student organizations. If you’ve got a “healthy disregard for the impossible,” the LeaderShape program is a perfect fit. Students in the program identify something he or she would like to develop, change or improve on campus and work towards making that vision a reality. “I was in the Upward Bound summer program myself and was really impacted by my mentors. That’s why I decided to become a mentor this summer, so I could help other first generation students get ready for college.” Eddie Mendoza,Chemistry student Supporting Your Success We're here to help you succeed If you need a little extra help with a really tough class or you’re having a hard time choosing a major, we’ve got you covered. There’s an entire campus of people who are here to support you, from professional academic advisors who can discuss your course options, to free tutoring and faculty members who genuinely care about your success. To learn more about how we support your success, visit the Succeed at UNT website. Everyone needs help sometimes, and at UNT, there's plenty to go around. Our academic advising community is committed to your success. They’ll help you review class options, navigate degree requirements and understand what’s possible. Sage Hall is home to The Learning Center, where you can find tutoring, workshops on test-taking strategies, time management and study tips, and a Semester Reboot course that helps you finish out the semester strong. Need a MacBook for a group project meeting? Check one out at one of three locations on campus. A global view study abroad Discover yourself and our world in new ways with a life-changing study abroad experience. Earn credit by taking a UNT faculty-led class or spend a semester or year as an exchange student at a host university. Study abroad provides opportunities for you to see historic monuments and famous art first-hand, immerse yourself in another culture, break through stereotypes, explore your family roots or learn a new language. You can also gain highly-valued international work experience with an internship, gain a competitive edge for graduate school and expand your employment opportunities. Learn more about UNT Study Abroad opportunities It's time to take the next step... Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Top Main Menu Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps University Links Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Email & Phone  unt.freshmen@unt.edu  940-565-2681 Freshman Overview   Find UNT on Google Maps   1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information Call us Email Us UNT Map Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links 