 apply   location Location Freshman Overview apply   location Location Freshman Overview apply   location Location Freshman Overview apply   location Location Freshman Overview apply   location Location Freshman Overview apply   location Location Freshman Overview apply   location Location Freshman Overview apply   location Location Freshman Overview apply   location Location Freshman Overview apply   location Location Freshman Overview  Location | Freshman Overview Skip to main content Freshman Overview Menu Call us Email Us UNT Map HomeAcademicsCampus LifeLocationCostsCareerNext StepsPopular links Back Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Freshman Overview Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps Freshman Overview You are hereHomeLocation Discover Your New Community Denton Regional Map DFW Area Denton The best college town in Texas The city of Denton boasts a lot of culture and a ton of small town charm. Our active art and music scene has landed us on many “must see” lists, and we’ve even been named the best college town in Texas. If you need more proof, head over to the historic courthouse square or plan a trip to one of our many annual festivals. Outdoor Adventures Denton also offers plenty of ways to spend time outside, with lots of parks, trails for walking and biking and nearby Lake Ray Roberts and Lake Lewisville. Music If Sarah Jaffe, Midlake, or the Eli Young Band have a spot on your playlist, you’ve already heard a bit of the Denton music scene. Although Denton hosts many music festivals each year, 35 Denton, which brings 250 acts to town for 3 days, is the largest. Events The Denton event calendar is full of activities for Dentonites of all ages. You can admire the beautiful lights around the Courthouse-on-the-Square as you enjoy live music at the Holiday Lighting Festival, put together a team to race derby-style down Oak Street during the Day of the Dead Festival or experience world-class music of all kinds as you stroll through the Denton Arts and Jazz Festival at Quakertown Park. Community To experience the unique Denton spirit, head over to the courthouse lawn. Twilight Tunes, Arts, Antiques & Autos, and First Fridays are just a few of the events you’re likely to spot there. Nearby, the Denton Community Market is a great place to spend a Saturday morning picking up some fresh produce or handmade art. Dallas-Fort Worth A short trip to the big city From Denton, you can head about 40 miles south to Dallas or Fort Worth to explore one of the nation’s largest metropolitan areas. Being close to the big city means you're never short on opportunities for entertainment. To explore Dallas, grab a seat on the A-train, which offers an easy way to connect to the rest of the metroplex for a must-see show, a delicious bite to eat and the largest urban arts district in the U.S. Dallas Head to Dallas to check out the museums, symphonies, orchestras, operas and theatre performances. You can also visit American Airlines Center to catch a Dallas Stars or Dallas Mavericks game. Fort Worth Get your fill of cowboy culture in the historic stockyards in Fort Worth. You can also see a show at Bass Performance Hall, reconnect with your wild side at the Fort Worth Zoo, or head over to Texas Motor Speedway for a race. So much more The best part of being in the D/FW area is that there’s always something new to explore. Sports fans can head to Arlington to watch the Texas Rangers or Dallas Cowboys, shopaholics have their choice of malls and nature lovers can head to one of the many area lakes. It's time to take the next step... Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Top Main Menu Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps University Links Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Email & Phone  unt.freshmen@unt.edu  940-565-2681 Freshman Overview   Find UNT on Google Maps   1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information Call us Email Us UNT Map Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links 