 apply   costs Costs Freshman Overview apply   costs Costs Freshman Overview apply   costs Costs Freshman Overview apply   costs Costs Freshman Overview apply   costs Costs Freshman Overview apply   costs Costs Freshman Overview apply   costs Costs Freshman Overview apply   costs Costs Freshman Overview apply   costs Costs Freshman Overview apply   costs Costs Freshman Overview  Costs | Freshman Overview Skip to main content Freshman Overview Menu Call us Email Us UNT Map HomeAcademicsCampus LifeLocationCostsCareerNext StepsPopular links Back Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Freshman Overview Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps Freshman Overview You are hereHomeCosts Manage College Costs We’re committed to providing you outstanding value, not just through our affordable tuition, but in every part of your experience. It’s no wonder that we’ve been named one of America’s Best College Buys® for 21 consecutive years. Cost to Attend Scholarships & Financial Aid Money Saving Perks A high quality educationan amazingly affordable cost Cost to attend The average total cost of attendance for the 2016-2017 academic year for a Texas resident living on campus and enrolled in 15 hours per semester is only $23,780. That includes all tuition and fees, housing, food, books, supplies, transportation and personal costs. Curious about the bottom line? Get an estimate of your tuition and fee cost by using one of our tuition calculators.   Above the rest for thousands less UNT’s new Eagle Express Tuition Plan lets you lock in your academic costs for four years, earn your degree sooner and save up to $3,000 when you graduate in four years. It’s the most popular alternative tuition program in Texas. Scholarships & Financial Aid About 75 percent of UNT students receive financial aid and scholarships totaling more than $350 million annually. This includes more than $45 million in scholarships. We’re committed to helping you finance your education.We offer many types of financial assistance, including: Scholarships $45 million awarded annually Merit and/or need based No repayment required Scholarships Grants Merit and/or need based No repayment required Many federal, state and institutional grants are available at UNT Grants Loans Available at low interest rates to students and parents of dependent students Repayment required Loans Student Employment UNT employs 3,200 student employees On and off-campus jobs available Studentemployment     Scholarships for outstanding students We offer many merit-based scholarships to help the best and brightest find their place at UNT. They include the UNT Excellence, Honors College and Terry Scholars scholarships. The UNT Meritorious Scholarship for National Merit Finalists is valued at over $115,000 for Texas residents and $165,000 for non-Texas residents. Learn more about scholarships Access for the financially challenged The Emerald Eagle Scholars program is available to students whose family adjusted gross income is $40,000 or less. This selective program provides guaranteed tuition and fees to academically talented and highly motivated students. Learn more about the Emerald Eagle Scholars program Apply for financial awards as early as possible For the best chance of receiving awards, apply for UNT scholarships using our online General Scholarship Application by March 1 and submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) before UNT’s March 15 priority deadline. If you miss the priority deadline, you can still submit your application. Learn more about how to apply for scholarships and financial aid Money Saving Perks Student perks to save green We're committed to providing you outstanding value, not just through our affordable tuition, but in every part of your experience. Here's just a few of the services on campus that help you stretch your budget:   Borrow a laptop from the library Rent your textbooks from the bookstore instead of buying them There’s always someone handing out free stuff (stock up now and you’ll never pay for a pen again) Check out a free show, film, performance or concert (choose from thousands on campus each year) Find a job on or off campus with help from the Career Center Head over to College Optical Express at Chestnut Hall for discounted prescriptions and eyewear Stay healthy by working out in the Pohl Recreation Center, which features a 45-foot climbing wall, basketball courts, an indoor track, two pools and a whole lot more Learn how to manage your money at the Student Money Management Center Cheer on the Mean Green at a game, which are free for UNT students   Keep your student I.D. handy, because it's your golden ticket to all the wallet-optional services on campus. It's time to take the next step... Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Top Main Menu Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps University Links Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Email & Phone  unt.freshmen@unt.edu  940-565-2681 Freshman Overview   Find UNT on Google Maps   1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information Call us Email Us UNT Map Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links 