 apply   career Career Freshman Overview apply   career Career Freshman Overview apply   career Career Freshman Overview apply   career Career Freshman Overview apply   career Career Freshman Overview apply   career Career Freshman Overview apply   career Career Freshman Overview apply   career Career Freshman Overview apply   career Career Freshman Overview apply   career Career Freshman Overview  Career | Freshman Overview Skip to main content Freshman Overview Menu Call us Email Us UNT Map HomeAcademicsCampus LifeLocationCostsCareerNext StepsPopular links Back Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Freshman Overview Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps Freshman Overview You are hereHomeCareer Get Real World Ready Because it takes more than just great grades to land your dream job, we’re here to help you build your professional network and land that important internship or student teaching job. Career Prep Internships Successful Alumni Hands-on Career Prep The UNT Career Center can help you pursue the career you want. It offers résumé writing seminars, mock interviews and on-campus career fairs. An exciting new program, UNT Career Connect, helps connect you with community partners. Connect gives you experiences that enhance communication, critical thinking and teamwork skills – all important qualities that will help you get hired. And, you’re in the right place to put your education into use. The Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex has the second highest concentration of Fortune 500 companies in the U.S., a major international airport and the nation’s largest urban arts district. Abundant Internships Internships provide invaluable training and a head start on your career. UNT's proximity to the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex makes it easier to get experience in your field before you graduate. With 253,000 UNT alumni in the area, you can find inspiring mentors, like Shirin Askari, fashion designer and Project Runway contestant. The Career Center provides many students with paid, supervised positions related to their field of study, often for several semesters. You may even receive a permanent job offer after graduation. UNT students have landed amazing internships with leading companies such as: Amazon Apple Cook Children’s Medical Center D.R. Horton The Dallas Cowboys Girl Scouts Google Red Bull Southwest Airlines U.S. Aviation Services Successful Alumni Meet some of our alums who have found extraordinary success: Heather Amuny-Dey, creative director for Nike Global Brand Lettie Haynes, assistant vice president of technology services at Burlington Northern Santa Fe Thomas Haden Church, Academy Award nominee Kristin Farmer, founder autism comprehensive educational services, UNT Kristin Farmer Autism Center Cynthia Izaguirre, co-anchor on WFAA-TV in Dallas Norah Jones, Grammy Award winner Chip Somodevilla, White House photographer for Getty Images Larry Sullivan, director of engineering, Microsoft Jason West, founder of Call of Duty video game franchise Latonia Moore, opera soprano Michael Faircloth, fashion designer Brian Heldebrandt, director of supply chain operations at Verizon It's time to take the next step... Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Top Main Menu Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps University Links Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Email & Phone  unt.freshmen@unt.edu  940-565-2681 Freshman Overview   Find UNT on Google Maps   1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information Call us Email Us UNT Map Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links 