 apply   next steps Next Steps Freshman Overview apply   next steps Next Steps Freshman Overview apply   next steps Next Steps Freshman Overview apply   next steps Next Steps Freshman Overview apply   next steps Next Steps Freshman Overview apply   next steps Next Steps Freshman Overview apply   next steps Next Steps Freshman Overview apply   next steps Next Steps Freshman Overview apply   next steps Next Steps Freshman Overview apply   next steps Next Steps Freshman Overview  Next Steps | Freshman Overview Skip to main content Freshman Overview Menu Call us Email Us UNT Map HomeAcademicsCampus LifeLocationCostsCareerNext StepsPopular links Back Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Freshman Overview Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps Freshman Overview You are hereHomeNext Steps Your FutureStarts Now Now that you know how awesome UNT is, it’s time to take the next step to join us. Apply to UNT Tour Sign Up for Info Talk to Us Admissions Events Apply to UNT Join our incredible community and discover why we’ve been leading the North Texas region for more than 125 years. March 1 is the admissions priority application date for freshmen. Most students apply between August and December of their senior year. It's best to apply as early as possible so that more scholarships are available and you have more options for orientation dates and housing preferences. Apply Online Now at ApplyTexas.org Learn more about the admissions process Out of state students can apply using The Common Application Tour Our campus tours are led by current students who can share insider tips and answer your questions. Take a tram ride around campus, walk through campus to see student life in action, check out residence halls and get an overview of academic areas, student services, the Pohl Recreation Center and Willis Library. We also offer many specialty tours and even evening tours to fit your busy schedule. Call 940-565-4104 or schedule your campus tour online. Sign up for a Tour Sign Up for Info Want to know more about what UNT has to offer? Sign up to get digital or print information about UNT and academic programs customized around your personal interests. Get customized information about UNT Talk to UsWe're here to help you Our Admissions Counselors can guide you through the admissions process and answer any questions you may have. Find your UNT Admissions Counselor. Want to know more about what it's like to be a student at UNT? Chat online or send an email to one of our student Eagle Ambassadors. Contact an Admissions Counselor » Admissions Events UNT Preview events, held each fall and spring, allow you to experience campus, meet faculty and even get help with the application process. Once you're accepted to UNT, UNT Premiere is your opportunity to find out what it’s like to be a UNT student. You can participate in mock classes, meet with staff in your academic department, take a campus tour, and join in the fun of UNT’s University Day celebrations. See more UNT Admissions events and find out when UNT Admissions Counselors will be in your area. Top Main Menu Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps University Links Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Email & Phone  unt.freshmen@unt.edu  940-565-2681 Freshman Overview   Find UNT on Google Maps   1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information Call us Email Us UNT Map Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links 