 transfernow   academics Academics Transferring to  transfernow   academics Academics Transferring to  transfernow   academics Academics Transferring to  transfernow   academics Academics Transferring to  transfernow   academics Academics Transferring to  transfernow   academics Academics Transferring to  transfernow   academics Academics Transferring to  transfernow   academics Academics Transferring to  transfernow   academics Academics Transferring to  transfernow   academics Academics Transferring to   Academics | Transferring to UNT Skip to main content Transferring to UNT Menu Call us Email Us UNT Map HomeAcademicsCostCampus LifeCareersCome See UsContact Us University Links Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Transferring to UNT Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Transferring to UNT Home Academics Cost Campus Life Careers Come See Us Contact Us Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents HomeAcademicsCostCampus LifeCareersCome See UsContact Us Think bigger Tier One-ranked, research-focused Degree search: Know what you want to major in? View an alphabetical list of all the majors or browse majors by college or school. Not sure yet? Search our undergraduate majors. Academics Academics The University of North Texas provides you with a roadmap to great opportunities. It’s the most comprehensive university in the Dallas-Fort Worth area and one of the largest universities in Texas. We offer 101 bachelor’s, 83 master’s and 38 doctoral degree programs, many nationally and internationally recognized. Transferring with core credits, you can focus on the more interesting and specialized courses of your major. UNT is student focused and has a student population of of nearly 38,000, representing 129 nations and 50 states. Plus, UNT is one of the nation’s most diverse universities with 7,100 Hispanic students and 5,000 African American students. Go for success. UNT is recognized as a best university by Forbes every year. You have a wealth of opportunities and degree choices here. Each year, 4,000 students transfer their credits to UNT. In fact, UNT is one of the top universities in the nation for transfer students, according to the U.S. News & World Report’s America’s Best Colleges guide. Options and flexibility while you work on your bachelor’s degree. High-quality classes and programs. A good job in your field when you graduate and the employment opportunities of a large metroplex. Selected as a “Best in the West” college by The Princeton Review. Nationally recognized programs in business, biology, the arts, education and engineering, among others. One of America’s 100 Best College Buys® for 21 consecutive years. The choice of 37,000 students and one of Texas’ largest universities. The UNT New College at Frisco At the UNT New College at Frisco, an off-site instructional facility, career-focused students can interact with industry leaders in collaborative, technology-driven classes. Balance life and school The Transfer Center provides services and support to help you transition to college life at UNT, including one-on-one assistance and mentoring from transfer ambassadors. Convenient online degrees. Thirty-five online degree programs and certificates are offered by UNT eCampus. Two online bachelor's degrees are designed specifically for transfer students who already have earned an associate’s degree or have fulfilled undergraduate core course requirements. Other degree programs also include online class options. Advanced degrees. Most of our degrees can lead directly to a master's or doctoral program at UNT, and many of our academic programs can take you to a bachelor's degree in two years or less if you have an associate's degree or equivalent hours. Choose from thousands of classes. Create the schedule that works best for you with day, evening, weekend, off-campus or online classes. You can even take classes at the Collin Higher Education Center in McKinney. Outstanding faculty teach most upper-level classes (not teaching assistants). Scientific, professional and educational organizations recognize the excellence of our professors. Honors College. If you like to go above and beyond, consider becoming part of the Honors College. Specially designed classes provide a challenging and supportive academic environment plus additional training in research methods and skills. An Honors Counselor will meet with you to chart an individual academic plan. You’re eligible to apply if you have 12 or more college credit hours with a 3.35 cumulative GPA. Call 940-565-3305 or visit the Honors College website for more details. Research centers provide you hands-on experience alongside professors and graduate students. Free tutoring online, at the UNT Learning Center or in our subject-specific tutoring centers Gain valuable work experience related to your major through our Internships program with access to 4,000 employers providing supervised, paid positions. Use the Career Center to pursue a profession you love. The center offers job fairs, résumé and letter writing assistance, job search strategies and interview preparation. Join 237,000 UNT alumni who live in the Dallas-Fort Worth area. You can build connections through this growing network of graduates. Most comprehensive university in the Dallas-Fort Worth region, offering 100 bachelor's, 83 master's and 37 doctoral degree options. Succeed at UNT At UNT, we are dedicated to helping you succeed — not only in the classroom while you are a UNT student, but in your career and your life after you graduate. To help you on your journey, UNT's Succeed at UNT campaign gives you easy access to the resources you need to be successful while you are here and to teach you valuable skills. The concept is simple — follow six tips and add your own dedication and hard work to define your future. In doing so, you will have a much higher chance of achieving academic success — and an overall better college experience. Find your career path There’s no limit to your opportunities here. Most of our 100 bachelor’s degrees can lead into a master’s program in the same field at UNT. You can transfer once and be set. If you are unsure about your major, don’t worry. Our Career Center offers tools to help you assess your skills and find the career that’s right for you. Portability You can transfer courses from your AAS program, military training or vocational training toward a Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences degree. UNT offers two interdisciplinary BAAS programs that let you use the classes you’ve taken to earn your degree sooner. Take A Tour Get more info Apply Now! Connect witha transfercounselor Top Required Links| Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Main Menu Home Academics Cost Campus Life Careers Come See Us Contact Us University Links Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Emails Freshman Admissions Transfer Admissions Graduate Admissions International Admissions Housing Information Technical Problems?   Eagle Student Services Center 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX  76203-5017   Visitor Information   800-868-8211 Call us Email Us UNT Map Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home &copy2017; University of North Texas 