 transfernow   cost Cost Transferring to  transfernow   cost Cost Transferring to  transfernow   cost Cost Transferring to  transfernow   cost Cost Transferring to  transfernow   cost Cost Transferring to  transfernow   cost Cost Transferring to  transfernow   cost Cost Transferring to  transfernow   cost Cost Transferring to  transfernow   cost Cost Transferring to  transfernow   cost Cost Transferring to   Cost | Transferring to UNT Skip to main content Transferring to UNT Menu Call us Email Us UNT Map HomeAcademicsCostCampus LifeCareersCome See UsContact Us University Links Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Transferring to UNT Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Transferring to UNT Home Academics Cost Campus Life Careers Come See Us Contact Us Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents HomeAcademicsCostCampus LifeCareersCome See UsContact Us Learn more, earn more Maximize your ROI with a degree from UNT Cost Cost UNT offers the most affordable research university education in the state, according to the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board. Optimum value means UNT offers the quality of a private university at an affordable cost. Plus, you can fast track your degree by taking 15 credit hours per semester at about the same cost as 12 credit hours. Above the rest for thousands less UNT's new Eagle Express Tuition Plan lets you lock in your total academic costs and save up to $3,000 when you graduate on time. As a transfer student, you qualify for a graduation incentive based on the number of hours you transfer to UNT and how soon you graduate. We offer many scholarships UNT is committed to providing the best undergraduate educational experience in Texas, and our scholarships for incoming transfer students are just one example of our commitment! Incoming transfer students should complete the General Scholarship Application as early as possible each year and review the individual scholarship links for additional information. UNT Transfer Scholarships Honors Transfer Scholarships Terry Transfer/Non-Traditional Student Scholarship SFAS Academic Scholarships UNT Departmental Scholarships Maximizing your financial aid The Free Application for Federal Student Aid is available each January for the upcoming academic year. To speed the process, request your PIN and review necessary documents ahead of time. The earlier you apply, the more likely you are to be considered for assistance. To learn how to apply for financial aid or transfer your application data, call UNT’s Office of Student Financial Aid and Scholarships at 940-565-2302 or 877-881-1014 several months before transferring to UNT. For priority consideration: Apply by: For aid in: March 15 Fall term Aug. 15 Spring term Feb. 15 Summer term We'll award scholarships until our funds are depleted. Work on campus in a student job. There are 3,200 part-time positions available at UNT, and thousands of other jobs are nearby. Gain valuable work experience related to your major through our internships program with access to 4,000 employers providing supervised, paid positions. Use the Career Center to pursue a profession you love. The center offers job fairs, résumé and letter writing assistance, job search strategies and interview preparation. Student Money Management Center provides workshops and confidential counseling to help you manage your finances. Take A Tour Get more info Apply Now! Connect witha transfercounselor Top Required Links| Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Main Menu Home Academics Cost Campus Life Careers Come See Us Contact Us University Links Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Emails Freshman Admissions Transfer Admissions Graduate Admissions International Admissions Housing Information Technical Problems?   Eagle Student Services Center 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX  76203-5017   Visitor Information   800-868-8211 Call us Email Us UNT Map Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home &copy2017; University of North Texas 