 transfernow   campus life Campus Life Transferring to  transfernow   campus life Campus Life Transferring to  transfernow   campus life Campus Life Transferring to  transfernow   campus life Campus Life Transferring to  transfernow   campus life Campus Life Transferring to  transfernow   campus life Campus Life Transferring to  transfernow   campus life Campus Life Transferring to  transfernow   campus life Campus Life Transferring to  transfernow   campus life Campus Life Transferring to  transfernow   campus life Campus Life Transferring to   Campus Life | Transferring to UNT Skip to main content Transferring to UNT Menu Call us Email Us UNT Map HomeAcademicsCostCampus LifeCareersCome See UsContact Us University Links Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Transferring to UNT Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Transferring to UNT Home Academics Cost Campus Life Careers Come See Us Contact Us Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents HomeAcademicsCostCampus LifeCareersCome See UsContact Us Welcome to the Mean Green family Jump in and discover life at UNT Campus Life Campus Life A full university experience The new University Union, opened in Fall 2015, features many dining options, entertainment spaces, student lounges, meeting rooms, banking and other student services. Meet people and get involved in your choice of 400 student organizations. Enjoy UNT's Apogee Stadium during NCAA Division I football games or watch the sporting events of 15 other men’s and women’s teams. Experience world renowned quality at 1,000 concerts and performances presented by our College of Music and the Department of Dance and Theatre.   At UNT, we are green At UNT, we teach green, research green and simply are green in everything we do. We offer a degree in Ecology for Environmental Science and have more than 50 courses with a sustainable focus. The campus has a robust recycling program, fuels its vehicles with biodiesel and new construction meets the highest green building standards. Learn more about how we Mean Green. Recreation Center The Pohl Recreation Center — the size of two football fields — includes weight and cardio areas, two pools, aerobics rooms, climbing wall, jogging track, soccer gym, basketball courts and more. It’s like having an automatic health club membership. Living on campus You can live on campus with other transfer students in our Transfer REAL community in Legends Hall. As part of the community, you have a built-in support system and access to special events to help you make the transition to UNT. For more information, visit the Housing website. Living off-campus Denton has more than 100 apartment complexes, many within walking distance of campus or served by the campus shuttle system. You can access our online guide to off-campus housing or learn more about services offered for off-campus students. "Living with other transfer students in the same residence hall as part of the Transfer REAL community is the best thing I could have done for myself. Through this community, I quickly adjusted to college life at UNT and made great friends." Keyla Fink Biochemistry major Transferred from Tarrant County College Transportation & parking Many students drive to campus, which is 40 miles from Dallas and Fort Worth on Interstate 35. Parking permits are available at different rates. UNT also features 2,500 bicycle parking spaces and several bike repair stations. The Denton County Transportation Authority's A-train rail service connects Carrollton and Lewisville to downtown Denton. Bus routes, free to UNT students, connect the rail station to campus. Other services include an on-call late night shuttle, a ridesharing website and a car rental program. For more information, visit our Transportation and Parking website. Safe campus UNT works hard to be a safe campus. We provide a well-lighted campus, officers on bicycles, 79 emergency call boxes, police escorts at night and an emergency contact system to notify you in case of an emergency or campus closing. Other valuable resources Student Veteran Services gathers resources for military members and their families into one location. Child care assistance through the Child Care Access Meanss in School program may offer financial aid to help pay for your child care provider. Bring your family to Homecoming, Family Weekend, art exhibits, movies, lectures and more. Other services that help you succeed at UNT include tutoring, study skills development, the Student Health and Wellness Center, dental services, a discount pharmacy, legal services, disability accommodations and more. Take A Tour Get more info Apply Now! Connect witha transfercounselor Top Required Links| Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Main Menu Home Academics Cost Campus Life Careers Come See Us Contact Us University Links Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Emails Freshman Admissions Transfer Admissions Graduate Admissions International Admissions Housing Information Technical Problems?   Eagle Student Services Center 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX  76203-5017   Visitor Information   800-868-8211 Call us Email Us UNT Map Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home &copy2017; University of North Texas 