 transfernow   see tour Come see for yourself Transferring to  transfernow   see tour Come see for yourself Transferring to  transfernow   see tour Come see for yourself Transferring to  transfernow   see tour Come see for yourself Transferring to  transfernow   see tour Come see for yourself Transferring to  transfernow   see tour Come see for yourself Transferring to  transfernow   see tour Come see for yourself Transferring to  transfernow   see tour Come see for yourself Transferring to  transfernow   see tour Come see for yourself Transferring to  transfernow   see tour Come see for yourself Transferring to   Come see for yourself | Transferring to UNT Skip to main content Transferring to UNT Menu Call us Email Us UNT Map HomeAcademicsCostCampus LifeCareersCome See UsContact Us University Links Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Transferring to UNT Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Transferring to UNT Home Academics Cost Campus Life Careers Come See Us Contact Us Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents HomeAcademicsCostCampus LifeCareersCome See UsContact Us Don’t just take our word for it Join in on the fun Come see for yourself Come see for yourself The best way to experience UNT is to take a student-guided tour. Transfer Tours, led by current transfer students, are offered Monday through Friday each week. These campus tours last about 90 minutes and focus on transfer student needs. Reservations are required because we keep our tour groups small to provide a more personalized visit. If you are a transfer student but the available Transfer Tour times don’t work for you, you can sign up for any of our regular tours offered throughout the week. We also host special events each month where you can learn about the admissions process, get your transcript unofficially evaluated and even get help completing your application and FAFSA form. Transfer Events Transfer Debut Want to learn more about your transfer options as a prospective student? Transfer Debut gives you the opportunity to have your transcripts unofficially evaluated so you'll know what classes will transfer to UNT. You’ll also tour the campus, learn more about transfer admissions and even get help completing your application and FAFSA form aided by financial aid staff. Transfer Orientation All new admitted transfer students are required to attend a one-day Transfer Orientation, which will include information sessions about housing, financial aid and veterans benefits, as well as registration, meetings with UNT colleges and schools and more. Take A Tour Get more info Apply Now! Connect witha transfercounselor Top Required Links| Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Main Menu Home Academics Cost Campus Life Careers Come See Us Contact Us University Links Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Emails Freshman Admissions Transfer Admissions Graduate Admissions International Admissions Housing Information Technical Problems?   Eagle Student Services Center 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX  76203-5017   Visitor Information   800-868-8211 Call us Email Us UNT Map Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home &copy2017; University of North Texas 