 transfernow   contact us Contact Us Transferring to  transfernow   contact us Contact Us Transferring to  transfernow   contact us Contact Us Transferring to  transfernow   contact us Contact Us Transferring to  transfernow   contact us Contact Us Transferring to  transfernow   contact us Contact Us Transferring to  transfernow   contact us Contact Us Transferring to  transfernow   contact us Contact Us Transferring to  transfernow   contact us Contact Us Transferring to  transfernow   contact us Contact Us Transferring to   Contact Us | Transferring to UNT Skip to main content Transferring to UNT Menu Call us Email Us UNT Map HomeAcademicsCostCampus LifeCareersCome See UsContact Us University Links Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Transferring to UNT Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Transferring to UNT Home Academics Cost Campus Life Careers Come See Us Contact Us Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents HomeAcademicsCostCampus LifeCareersCome See UsContact Us Start planning early Chat with us today Contact Us Speak with a Transfer Counselor about degree plan information and transferability of your courses. Use our online Transfer Resources. Contact Us 800-868-8211 940-565-2681 unt.transfer@unt.edu Connect with a transfer counselor Connect with other students Join UNT’s private social network before you step on campus. Once you’re admitted to UNT, sign up for the Facebook app, download the free iPhone app or view it in your phone’s browser. Connect to others by major, hometown, residence hall or organization. Discover who likes the same movies, bands, shows or teams. Suggest a meetup and hang out over coffee or a game of basketball. "There are so many people on campus to help you, whether you have questions about academic success, or finding the right balance between classes and your personal life." Taylor Bland Behavior Analysis major Transferred from North Central Texas College Take A Tour Get more info Apply Now! Top Required Links| Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Main Menu Home Academics Cost Campus Life Careers Come See Us Contact Us University Links Apply Now Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents Emails Freshman Admissions Transfer Admissions Graduate Admissions International Admissions Housing Information Technical Problems?   Eagle Student Services Center 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX  76203-5017   Visitor Information   800-868-8211 Call us Email Us UNT Map Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home &copy2017; University of North Texas 