 registrar   resource plans Choose the right resource to plan your transfer to  Registrar registrar   resource plans Choose the right resource to plan your transfer to  Registrar registrar   resource plans Choose the right resource to plan your transfer to  Registrar registrar   resource plans Choose the right resource to plan your transfer to  Registrar registrar   resource plans Choose the right resource to plan your transfer to  Registrar registrar   resource plans Choose the right resource to plan your transfer to  Registrar registrar   resource plans Choose the right resource to plan your transfer to  Registrar registrar   resource plans Choose the right resource to plan your transfer to  Registrar registrar   resource plans Choose the right resource to plan your transfer to  Registrar registrar   resource plans Choose the right resource to plan your transfer to  Registrar  Choose the right resource to plan your transfer to UNT: | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us Home   UNT makes transferringyour credits easy. Choose the right resource to plan your transfer to UNT: Looking for a roadmap of what to take at community college then UNT? Start here if you're: • Sure of the bachelor's degree you want to earn• Nearing completion of an A.A.S. degree Want to see how your courses apply to various UNT degrees? Start here if you're: • A student who has taken college credit hours in many disciplines• Deciding what bachelor’s degree to pursue Transferology is an interactive course research tool that lets you easily input your completed courses to see what else is needed to fulfill bachelor’s degree requirements.   Want to learn more about UNT? Find out why UNT is a top university for transfer students. Have questions about thetransfer process? Talk to a transfer admissionscounselor. Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building http://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 