 eagleexpress   transfer Transfer students Eagle Express Tuition Plan eagleexpress   transfer Transfer students Eagle Express Tuition Plan eagleexpress   transfer Transfer students Eagle Express Tuition Plan eagleexpress   transfer Transfer students Eagle Express Tuition Plan eagleexpress   transfer Transfer students Eagle Express Tuition Plan eagleexpress   transfer Transfer students Eagle Express Tuition Plan eagleexpress   transfer Transfer students Eagle Express Tuition Plan eagleexpress   transfer Transfer students Eagle Express Tuition Plan eagleexpress   transfer Transfer students Eagle Express Tuition Plan eagleexpress   transfer Transfer students Eagle Express Tuition Plan  Transfer students | Eagle Express Tuition Plan Skip to main content Eagle Express Tuition Plan Search form Search Search Call us Contact Us UNT Map FreshmenTransfer studentsTraditional Tuition PlanFAQsQuicklinks Back MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect University Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT University of North Texas Eagle Express Tuition Plan Search form Search Search MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Freshmen Transfer students Traditional Tuition Plan FAQs MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Search form Search Search Freshmen Transfer students Traditional Tuition Plan FAQs Eagle Express Tuition Plan You are hereHomeTransfer students Transfer students Fast track your degree and save with the Eagle Express Tuition Plan UNT’s Eagle Express Tuition Plan lets you lock in your total academic costs and save up to $3,000 when you graduate on time.  As a transfer student, you qualify for a graduation incentive based on the number of hours you transfer to UNT and how soon you graduate. The graduation incentives you earn will vary according to the chart below, based on a 120-hour degree plan. Transfer students have a one-time offer to choose the Eagle Express plan during your first semester at UNT. New freshman? Take these four easy steps for success 1 Review both tuition plans available to you. 2 Opt in to the Eagle Express plan. 3 Complete your bachelor's degree in four years. 4 Save up to $3,000 the semester you graduate! Eligibility The Eagle Express plan is available to all transfer students entering UNT.  You must meet Texas residency requirements and be seeking a bachelor's degree. If you do not meet the Texas residency requirements, you will be automatically enrolled in the traditional tuition plan. If you choose not to opt in to the Eagle Express plan, you will be automatically enrolled in the traditional tuition plan. If the Eagle Express plan is a perfect fit, call our toll-free information line at 844-236-6855 for details on how to choose Eagle Express. Benefits of Eagle Express You'll save up to $3,000 if you graduate on time. You'll know your total academic costs for up to four years, helping you plan expenses. Course fees are included in the locked-in amount. You'll graduate with less debt. You'll get the best of both worlds – the best bachelor's degree experience in Texas at an affordable price. You'll get a head start on your career sooner – whether you want to land a full-time job or continue on to graduate school. You qualify for the Eagle Express graduation incentive according to the following schedule: Transfer credits* Eagle Express graduation incentive amount: To qualify, you must graduate in no more than: 12 hours or fewer $3,000 4 years 13-30 hours $2,000 3 years 31-60 hours $1,000 2 years  *Transfer credits only includes hours transferred to UNT that were taken after high school graduation.  If you graduate in the allotted time according to the total number of hours transferred to UNT, you can save up to $3,000 in your final 15 hours with the Eagle Express graduation incentive. You also may be eligible for the statewide $1,000 tuition rebate, bringing your total savings to $4,000 for graduating in four years. You must graduate within four calendar years for a four-year program or within five calendar years “if the degree is in architecture, engineering or any other program determined by the Board to require more than four years to complete,” including all hours at any institution. You can’t take more than 3 semester credit hours over the minimum number of hours required for your degree. You must meet Texas residency requirements. You must apply for the statewide on-time tuition rebate before you receive your bachelor’s degree. The choice is yours! If you decide the Eagle Express plan isn’t right for you, you will be automatically enrolled in the traditional tuition plan. Learn more At Transfer Orientation, you’ll hear more about the tuition plans. You also can direct any questions you have to 844-236-6855. Want answers now? Visit the Eagle Express FAQs section for more information on how it pays to graduate on time at UNT. Top Main Menu Freshmen Transfer students Traditional Tuition Plan FAQs University Links MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Email & Phone  unt.freshmen@unt.edu  unt.transfer@unt.edu  student.accounting@unt.edu  844-236-6855 Eagle Express Tuition Plan   Find UNT on Google Maps   1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, Texas 76201   Visitor Information Call us Email Us UNT Map Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links 