 admissions   freshman how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   freshman how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   freshman how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   freshman how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   freshman how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   freshman how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   freshman how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   freshman how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   freshman how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   freshman how to apply How do I apply Admissions   How do I apply? | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Freshman Admissions Links » Will I get in? How do I prepare? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Freshman Admissions Links Will I get in? How do I prepare? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? How do I apply? How and when to apply for admission to UNT as a freshman Who can apply as a freshman? U.S. citizens or U.S. permanent residents applying for admission to UNT for the first time and who don't have any previous college credit should apply as freshmen. Not you? Try one of these links: Transfer | International | Graduate How to apply To be considered for admission to UNT, do the following: Complete the online application at ApplyTexas.org before the priority date. You can also contact UNT’s Office of Undergraduate Admissions or your high school counselor for a paper application. Pay the UNT application fee before the priority date. Submit official transcripts from all high schools attended. Submit official SAT or ACT scores. International students will have additional application requirements. If you are submitting documents or payments by mail... Our regular mailing address is: University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Our physical address for courier services (FedEx, UPS, etc.) is: University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 When to apply Priority admission dates for freshmen: Submit your completed application and application fee to the admissions office by the following priority dates. Apply by this priority date: To enroll for session: With classes beginning: March 1, 2016* Fall 2016 Aug 29, 2016 Dec. 1, 2016 Spring 2017 Jan 17, 2017 May 15, 2017 Summer 2017, 3-week session 1 May 15, 2017 May 29, 2017 Summer 2017, 5-week session 1 June 5, 2017 July 3, 2017 Summer 2017, 5-week session 2 July 10, 2017 March 1, 2017* Fall 2017 Aug 28, 2017 *You should apply and be admitted by February 1 to be considered for scholarships. Applications received after these priority dates will still be considered, but will be subject to a late fee. Different admissions deadlines exist for students transferring to UNT. How early should you apply? Freshmen applicants may apply up to a year in advance of their expected term of enrollment; however, many high school students typically apply between July and December of their senior year. It's best to apply as early as possible so that you'll have more scholarships available, and more options for orientation dates and housing preferences. When are admission decisions made? Admission decisions are made on a rolling basis. You'll be informed of your admission status via a letter in the mail or your my.unt.edu account once we've received and processed your complete application and all required documents. Learn more about what to expect after you've submitted your application for admission. How to pay the application fee The application fee for U.S. Citizens & Permanent residents is $75, if received by the Priority Date for the semester you plan to enroll. After the Priority Date, the application fee is $90. Ways to pay You may pay the application fee by credit card, money order or check. If paying by credit card, please include credit card information when completing your application for admission or call 1-800-UNT-8211 (1-800-868-8211) to pay by phone. If paying by money order or check, please mail your payment to the UNT Office of Undergraduate Admissions. See our mailing address. Please include your name on your money order or check so we can credit the payment to your account. The application fee must be paid in U.S. dollars and is non-refundable. Fee waivers In limited cases, the admission application fee may be waived. If you are a new freshman applicant, you may request an admission application fee waiver by sending us your official college application fee waiver form provided by the SAT (College Board) or ACT. Or, you may request an admission application fee waiver by sending us a copy of your Student Aid Report (SAR) from your Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). In order to be considered for the waiver, your Estimated Family Contribution from the SAR must be zero. How to submit transcripts Please send your transcripts to the UNT Office of Undergraduate Admissions. You can send them via regular mail, have them delivered by a courier service (UPS, FedEx, etc.), or have them sent from your school via an electronic transcript service. See our mailing address. How to submit SAT or ACT scores All freshman applicants to UNT must submit SAT or ACT scores, including the writing portion of the exam. UNT accepts scores that are sent to us electronically from the College Board and ACT, or you may ask your high school counselor to send us your test scores posted on your official high school transcript. If you need UNT's college code for use in having your test score reports sent to UNT, please use the following: 6481 for SAT score reporting 4136 for ACT score reporting If you will be taking the SAT or ACT at UNT and need UNT's testing center code, please use the following: The SAT Test Center Code for UNT is 44328. To register: http://sat.collegeboard.org The ACT Test Center Code for UNT is 041360. To register: http://www.actstudent.org Learn about UNT's SAT and ACT admission requirements. No recent SAT or ACT test scores? Most standardized test scores are reportable for 5 years following the year in which you tested. Any standardized test scores that fall within this time period must be reported by the appropriate testing service. If your scores are not reportable by the appropriate testing service, you have the following options: If you have your original test score report from the testing service or a copy of it with your full name printed on it, you may bring the document to the UNT Undergraduate Admissions office (Eagle Student Services Building, 3rd floor) for review. If the scores meet our approval, we will make a copy for our records and return your document to you. You may retake the standardized admission test and have the new scores sent to UNT. If you have been out of high school for at least 5 years and have earned fewer than 30 semester hours at a college or university, please see the information about our Adult Admission Program. Essays and letters of recommendation You will not need to mail letters of recommendation with your application unless additional information is requested of you by an admission officer and is necessary to evaluate your application for admission to the university. If letters of recommendation or an essay are required, you will receive a letter from an Admissions Counselor requesting those documents. At that time, you should submit your essay and ask the appropriate people to submit letters of recommendation directly to our office. Letters of recommendation should be submitted by your high school counselor and two teachers. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 