    baas Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences     baas Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences     baas Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences     baas Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences     baas Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences     baas Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences     baas Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences     baas Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences     baas Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences     baas Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences   Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences | University of North Texas Skip to main content Call us Contact Us UNT Map HomeAdmissionsAcademicsStudent LifeAbout UNTResearchAthleticsGivingCurrent StudentsFaculty & StaffAlumni & FriendsParents & FamilyCommunity & VisitorsMyUNTBlackboardEagleConnectUNT Directory Quicklinks MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences Home Admissions Academics Student Life About UNT Research Athletics Giving MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory HomeAdmissionsAcademicsStudent LifeAbout UNTResearchAthleticsGiving Not everyone takes the same path to earning their bachelor's degree. Some people get technical certification at a community college before they decide to pursue a bachelor's degree. Some people realize they need to go back to school to move ahead in their job, even though they are not the "typical" college age. Where do I begin? If you want to pursue a BAAS degree, schedule an appointment with one of our program advisors. The contact information for each BAAS program at UNT is below. College of Health and Public Service Applied Arts and Sciences baas.hps.unt.edu baas@unt.edu 940-565-4115 College of Information Applied Technology and Performance Improvement baas.unt.edu ci-advising@unt.edu 940-565-2445 For more information on admission to UNT 800-868-8211 940-565-2681 unt.edu We’re here for you Career services Financial aid and scholarships Internships Military benefits and services Student Money Management Center Transfer guides Tutoring Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences The Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences (BAAS) programs at the University of North Texas provide you a direct path to a fully accredited bachelor’s degree if you have: Completed course work for technical, applied or military credit A technical or applied degree from a community or technical college Our BAAS degrees accept and build on these unique credits, combining them with course work intended to meet your individual or career goals. Flexible evening, weekend and online courses make it easy for you to earn a BAAS degree while balancing full-time or part-time work and your personal life. Who benefits from a BAAS degree? Students seeking admission to one of our BAAS programs typically have some real-world work experience. They also include: Active-duty military or veterans seeking college credit for courses taken as part of their training in the service Transfer students wanting credit for workforce or technical courses taken at a community or technical college Students interested in developing multiple areas of expertise Students who’ve accumulated a significant number of credit hours What career opportunities are available? Career opportunities for BAAS students vary as much as their paths to earning the degree. Some students complete the degree for career advancement. Others want to change career paths altogether or ultimately plan to attend graduate school. Whatever the motivation, BAAS students graduate with an array of skills that equip them to compete in today’s ever-changing workplace. BAAS graduates are found in a variety of career fields. Many work in business, state and local government, nonprofit agencies or a wide range of fields directly associated with the specialization they pursued at a community or technical college or while in the military. UNT’s Career Center can provide advice about future employment opportunities in a particular area. What types of BAAS programs are offered? We have two distinctive BAAS programs. One is offered in Applied Arts and Sciences by the Department of Community and Professional Programs in the College of Health and Public Service. The other is in Applied Technology and Performance Improvement through the Department of Learning Technologies in the College of Information. Each program has different requirements and is designed to meet your pecific needs or interests. BAAS from the College of Health and Public Service This multidisciplinary degree program builds on your previous education and experience and allows you to choose up to three areas of study that pertain to your career interest and goals. You’re able to select courses from the various disciplines offered at UNT. For example, you can take courses in management, marketing, alternative dispute resolution, nonprofit studies, criminal justice or a wide variety of other disciplines. Our advisors work with you to tailor a degree plan best suited for your needs. The program also gives you flexibility in how you choose to study. Depending on the course, you can choose to take classes online, face-to-face or in a blended format. In blended-format courses, some instruction is provided in face-to-face meetings with the remaining instruction covered online. The specific degree requirements for this BAAS program are outlined below. Degree requirements BAAS from the College of Health and Public Service Component Credit Hours Description University Core 42 Required by the state of Texas for all students to complete in order to receive a bachelor’s degree. The core consists of a variety of courses (English, history, math, etc.) that are intended to form a general education foundation. Core courses may be taken at UNT or at another accredited institution and transferred to UNT. Professional Foundations 9 Forms the heart of the BAAS curriculum and consists of courses intended to improve your marketability in today’s workplace. You learn to sharpen your ability to communicate, negotiate, analyze information and network effectively. Occupational Specialization 21 Consists of courses related to a specific occupation, field or subject. Many technical and workforce courses taken at a community college or in the military may be eligible for transfer credit at UNT. In some cases, an occupational specialization is created from courses taken at UNT or other four-year institutions. Professional Development 36 Consists of three multidisciplinary concentrations of courses (12 credit hours each) intended to enhance the skills you’ve already acquired through an occupational specialization. One concentration must be taken from disciplines offered in the College of Health and Public Service. Electives 12 You may select from an array of courses offered at UNT or apply transfer credits. BAAS from the College of Information All courses for this degree are available online, saving you time and money. You’ll take professional development courses to learn skills in communication, technology, human relations, leadership and project management, as well as others. With this BAAS degree, you may choose a concentration in: Computer Technology Learning Technology Performance Technology These specializations build on your educational background. The specific degree requirements for this program are outlined below. Component Credit Hours Description University core 42 Required by the state of Texas for all students to complete in order to receive a bachelor’s degree. The core consists of a variety of courses (English, history, math, etc.) that are intended to form a general education foundation. Core courses may be taken at UNT or at another accredited institution and transferred to UNT. Occupational specialization 36 Are related to a specific occupation, field or subject. Many technical and workforce courses taken at a community college or in the military may be applied. Professional development 42 Consists of classes such as leadership, computer technology, business communications, project management, human relations, personal development and facilitation skills. Top Required Links Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Main UNT Menu Home Admissions Academics Student Life About UNT Research Athletics Giving University Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Calendar UNT Map Jobs at UNT Colleges & Schools Specifically for Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni & Friends Parents & Family Community Emails urcm@unt.edu ci-advising@unt.edu baas@unt.edu   University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information   940-565-2000   940-369-8652   Technical Issues Call us Email Us UNT Map Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links ©2017 University of North Texas 