 learningcenter   texassuccessinitiative Texas Success Initiative TSI Learning Center learningcenter   texassuccessinitiative Texas Success Initiative TSI Learning Center learningcenter   texassuccessinitiative Texas Success Initiative TSI Learning Center learningcenter   texassuccessinitiative Texas Success Initiative TSI Learning Center learningcenter   texassuccessinitiative Texas Success Initiative TSI Learning Center learningcenter   texassuccessinitiative Texas Success Initiative TSI Learning Center learningcenter   texassuccessinitiative Texas Success Initiative TSI Learning Center learningcenter   texassuccessinitiative Texas Success Initiative TSI Learning Center learningcenter   texassuccessinitiative Texas Success Initiative TSI Learning Center learningcenter   texassuccessinitiative Texas Success Initiative TSI Learning Center  Texas Success Initiative (TSI) | Learning Center Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Learning Center Home TSI Tutoring Support Programs Graduate Resources Outreach Faculty/Staff Resources Staff Learn more: TSI Incoming Freshman Incoming Transfer Continuing Student Student Resources TSI Information for Parents HomeTexas Success Initiative (TSI) The Texas Success Initiative, or TSI, is a program legislated by the State of Texas to improve the success of students in college.  There are two parts to the program. An assessment to evaluate students' skills in reading, mathematics, and writing Developmental instruction designed to strengthen academic skills that need improvement. TSI status does not affect your admission to the University of North Texas.  The Learning Center works with students once they have been offered admission to the University. Our TSI program only serves incoming and current students at the University of North Texas.  While the Texas Success Initiative is a statewide initiative, the Learning Center can only address the needs of incoming or current UNT students.  For TSI questions related to another institution, please contact that institution directly. To learn more about TSI, select the option that applies to you: Incoming Freshman Incoming Transfer Continuing UNT Student Search Search this site: Contact Information: Learning Center 1155 Union Circle P.O. Box 305038 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: (940) 369-7006 Fax: (940) 369-8394 Visit Us: Sage Hall 315 http://learningcenter.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. Learning.Center@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? learning.center@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 17, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 