 tsgs   future students graduate admissions Graduate Admissions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   future students graduate admissions Graduate Admissions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   future students graduate admissions Graduate Admissions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   future students graduate admissions Graduate Admissions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   future students graduate admissions Graduate Admissions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   future students graduate admissions Graduate Admissions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   future students graduate admissions Graduate Admissions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   future students graduate admissions Graduate Admissions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   future students graduate admissions Graduate Admissions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   future students graduate admissions Graduate Admissions Toulouse Graduate School  Graduate Admissions | Toulouse Graduate School Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home For Future Students » For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors For New & Current Students » For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ For Faculty & Staff » For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs For Alumni & Friends » For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook People Contact Us For Future Students » Graduate Programs Graduate Admissions » Graduate Admissions International Admissions Other Graduate Opportunities Update Your Application UNT/UNTD Affiliation Program Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education » Funding Your Graduate Education Fellowships, Scholarships, Grants & Awards Graduate Academic Advisors Graduate Catalog Request More Information Clery Report on Campus Safety Search form Search the UNT web site: Toulouse Graduate School MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Toulouse Graduate School Home For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors Programs UNT offers 82 master’s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs More Info Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info International Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ Support As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services Graduation You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation Teaching UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR. More Resources For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs Forms Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms Defense Notices If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification Resources Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook UNT Alumni The Alumni Association engages the institution’s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association Spotlights View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School. Alumni Success Support Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now People Contact Us In the Future Students Section...Graduate ProgramsGraduate Admissions - International Admissions - Other Graduate Opportunities - UNT/UNTD Affiliation Program - Update Your ApplicationTuition and FeesFunding Your Graduate Education - Fellowships, Scholarships, Grants & AwardsGraduate Academic AdvisorsGraduate CatalogRequest More InformationClery Report on Campus Safety Graduate Admissions Completing the graduate application process is an exciting step to your future success.  Our online application provides the opportunity for you to get started.  The steps below outline helpful information and guidance for the application process.  Be sure to check with your intended academic program for information on deadlines and additional materials they may require.How to ApplyStep 1: Online ApplicationGraduate programs have varied deadlines. Determine the deadline for your selected Master’s or Doctoral program and submit the online application as early as possible.The application fee is $75 and is nonrefundable. Your completed application will be processed by the Toulouse Graduate School and reviewed by the academic program.For timely application processing, submit your application to the Toulouse Graduate School by the following dates:October 15for the following Spring enrollmentJune 15for the following Fall enrollmentApril 15for the following Summer enrollmentFor application deadlines, please contact the academic department.McNair Scholars: UNT will pay the application fee upon receipt of the request for admission application fee waiver form from your McNair director.Apply NowNot applying to a master’s or doctoral program?  Check out details on other graduate academic opportunities:Second bachelorGraduate non-degree seekingTeacher’s certificationGraduate Academic CertificateStep 2: Request TranscriptsRequest official academic credentials from all colleges and universities you have attended.Official transcripts are required from every college or university you have attended and must arrive by the application deadline. Contact the colleges and universities you have attended about their processes for providing official transcripts. If you already have a degree from the University of North Texas you are not required to provide your UNT transcript to the Toulouse Graduate School as we will be able to obtain this from the Registrar's office for you.By U.S. Postal Service: Toulouse Graduate School 1155 Union Circle #305459  Denton, TX 76203-5017By UPS/FedEx: Toulouse Graduate School 1147 Union Circle, ESSC 354 Denton, TX 76203-5459The transcripts must show you have earned a bachelor’s degree from a regionally accredited institution (or equivalent). For a higher chance of successful admission, the GPA shown on the transcript should meet the recommendations below:GPA requirement for UNT consideration: Graduate applicants to UNT are evaluated holistically, based on specific departmental and program requirements.  In the past, successful candidates usually have met certain GPA minima:3.00 GPA in the undergraduate degree for admission to the Master's program;Or 3.50 GPA in the undergraduate degree for direct admission to Doctoral programs;Or 3.50 GPA in Masters-level studies for admission to Doctoral programsStep 3: Submit Standardized Test ScoresTest requirements are program specific. Some programs may provisionally admit students for one semester prior to submission of standardized test scores. Others have requirements that substitute for test scores. Review the program website for details.Request that official test score reports (GRE, GMAT, MAT, etc.) from the testing agency be sent to the Toulouse Graduate School. The UNT school code for the GRE is 6481. The UNT school code for the GMAT is 6DP-8M-55. The UNT school code for the MAT is 2255.Step 4: Submit Additional Documents Required by Your Specific ProgramSend any additional program-specific application materials directly to your department (departments may have requirements such as personal statements, letters of reference, auditions or portfolios).  Review the list of academic programs and program websites for more information. International applicants may need to provide additional materials.  See more details on the International admissions page.This page contains pdf documents.  You can download a free pdf reader here. For Future Students Graduate Programs Graduate AdmissionsInternational Admissions Other Graduate Opportunities UNT/UNTD Affiliation Program Update Your Application Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Academic Advisors Graduate Catalog Request More Information Clery Report on Campus Safety Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center 1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas 76203-5459 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2383 Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 