 tsgs   new current students travel grants Travel Grants Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   new current students travel grants Travel Grants Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   new current students travel grants Travel Grants Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   new current students travel grants Travel Grants Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   new current students travel grants Travel Grants Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   new current students travel grants Travel Grants Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   new current students travel grants Travel Grants Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   new current students travel grants Travel Grants Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   new current students travel grants Travel Grants Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   new current students travel grants Travel Grants Toulouse Graduate School  Travel Grants | Toulouse Graduate School Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home For Future Students » For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors For New & Current Students » For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ For Faculty & Staff » For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs For Alumni & Friends » For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook People Contact Us For New and Current Students » Graduate Student Orientation Assistantship Benefits and Teaching Resources Theses and Dissertations » Theses and Dissertations Thesis Manual & Submission Guides Writing Resources Graduate Student Support Services and Workshops Graduation Information Forms Travel Grants Milestones for Graduate Students Academic Resources Federation of North Texas Area Universities » Federation of North Texas Area Universities Registration Information Career Services FAQ Search form Search the UNT web site: Toulouse Graduate School MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Toulouse Graduate School Home For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors Programs UNT offers 82 master’s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs More Info Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info International Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ Support As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services Graduation You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation Teaching UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR. More Resources For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs Forms Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms Defense Notices If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification Resources Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook UNT Alumni The Alumni Association engages the institution’s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association Spotlights View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School. Alumni Success Support Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now People Contact Us In the New & Current Students Section...Graduate Student OrientationAssistantship Benefits and Teaching ResourcesTheses and Dissertations - Thesis Manual & Submission GuidesWriting ResourcesGraduate Student Support Services and WorkshopsGraduation InformationFormsTravel GrantsMilestones for Graduate StudentsAcademic ResourcesFederation of North Texas Area Universities - Registration InformationCareer ServicesFAQ Travel Grants The Graduate School offers a limited number of competitive scholarships to selected graduate students who are in good academic standing. These travel grants are offered to support the costs of travel to professional meetings that are relevant to their degree.To be eligible, graduate students:Must be presenting research or a creative activity which they have authored/co-authored. It must have been peer reviewed and accepted for presentation. If acceptance is pending, students can still apply, but the final award of a travel grant is contingent upon acceptance for presentation. Students who are simply attending a meeting without any active participation are ineligible for travel grant funding.Must have an approved degree plan on file in the Graduate School.Must have a $100-$500 match already secured from the applicant’s department, college, or other appropriate source. These funds are matched on a 1:1 basis. Eligible graduate students may apply for a maximum of $500 with matching funds (for a maximum total of $1,000).  Must attend at least 3 TGS Professional Development Graduate Workshops per academic year. You can attend these workshops in person or live online stream. If, for any reason, you are unable to attend a workshop, videos are available online. To verify that the video was watched, please fill out a form for each video viewed before completing an application. Please list the name and date of the workshops you attended or watched on the appropriate application field.Applying for a Travel GrantTo begin, download the Faculty Evaluation for Travel Grant Applicants  and give this to the appropriate faculty members who will verify matching funds and provide a quick evaluation. This form can be completed and electronically signed by the appropriate parties. If you prefer to print this form and gather traditional signatures, you'll need to scan it and convert it to a PDF before submitting your application.Gather your conference acceptance and workshop requirement information.Next, login and fill out the online application.Once your application is submitted, you'll receive a confirmation message. Your application will be reviewed during the next evaluation period and you'll be notified of acceptance or denial within two weeks of the submission deadline.Evaluation PeriodsTravel grant applications can be submitted at any point throughout the academic year. The grants are awarded on a rolling basis with three evaluation periods throughout the semester. We notify students of their acceptance or denial 1-2 weeks after the evaluation deadline. We recommend you submit your application as early as possible, because applications that are not awarded will be forwarded to the next review period and reconsidered for funding during that period. Applications must be submitted and travel must occur within the same academic year (Fall through Summer).Evaluation Period #1Evaluation Period #2Evaluation Period #3OctoberDeadline to apply: September 30FebruaryDeadline to apply: January 31JuneDeadline to apply: May 31Priorities & LimitationsPreference will be given to students who are first-authors of scholarly research or creative presentations.The maximum amount awarded will range between $300 - $500.Students may receive only 1 Travel Grant for the academic year.For projects that involve more than one student, a maximum of 2 travel grants can be awarded. The application must identify the student's co-author who is also applying for a travel grant.Common MistakesIncomplete Faculty Evaluation formsMake sure that you have every section of the Faculty Evaluation form complete before submitting. This includes the Match Approval, AND the “ranking” on the bottom of the page. Appropriate faculty/staff signatures are required.Missing degree plansStudents must have an official degree plan on file with the graduate school. Please take care of this prior to applying for a travel grant.Missing workshop requirementsPlease attend at least 3 professional development workshops to meet the workshop requirement. If you cannot make it to campus, you can watch workshop videos online, and pass the associated video quizzes for credit.FAQ’s How do the matching funds work?Students must secure $100 to $500 in matching funds from their department, chair, advisor, or other appropriate source. Toulouse Graduate School will match these funds on a 1:1 basis.  This means that students who have $100 in matching funds can receive $100 from Toulouse, whereas students who have $500 in matching funds can receive up to $500 from Toulouse. I already attended my conference, can I still apply for funding?Yes - students can potentially receive retroactive funding for a conference that they have already attended, up to one year after the conference takes placeQuestions? E-mail us: Travel.Grants@unt.eduOther OpportunitiesThe Student Government Association has travel grants open to all students. They offer awards in the fall and spring semesters. Read more about the Raupe Travel Grants.UNT International administers the UNT International Travel Grant. The UNT International Travel Grant provides funding to UNT graduate students who receive a Toulouse Graduate School Travel Grant to participate in a professional meeting abroad. Read more about the International Travel Grant.This page contains PDF documents.  You can download a free PDF reader here. For New and Current Students Graduate Student Orientation Assistantship Benefits and Teaching Resources Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Graduate Student Support Services and Workshops Graduation Information Forms Travel Grants Milestones for Graduate Students Academic Resources Federation of North Texas Area Universities Career Services FAQ Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center 1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas 76203-5459 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2383 Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 