 tsgs   frequently asked questions Frequently Asked Questions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   frequently asked questions Frequently Asked Questions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   frequently asked questions Frequently Asked Questions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   frequently asked questions Frequently Asked Questions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   frequently asked questions Frequently Asked Questions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   frequently asked questions Frequently Asked Questions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   frequently asked questions Frequently Asked Questions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   frequently asked questions Frequently Asked Questions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   frequently asked questions Frequently Asked Questions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   frequently asked questions Frequently Asked Questions Toulouse Graduate School  Frequently Asked Questions | Toulouse Graduate School Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home For Future Students » For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors For New & Current Students » For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ For Faculty & Staff » For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs For Alumni & Friends » For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook People Contact Us Search form Search the UNT web site: Toulouse Graduate School MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Toulouse Graduate School Home For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors Programs UNT offers 82 master’s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs More Info Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info International Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ Support As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services Graduation You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation Teaching UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR. More Resources For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs Forms Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms Defense Notices If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification Resources Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook UNT Alumni The Alumni Association engages the institution’s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association Spotlights View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School. Alumni Success Support Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now People Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Browse Questions On:AdmissionsGraduation & CommencementRobert B. Toulouse Fellowship (RBTF)AwardsMcNair Scholars Fellowship AwardsThesis & Dissertation Fellowship (TDF) AwardsTheses & DissertationsFederation of North Texas Area Universities (cross-registration)Admissions My graduate application has been completed. What am I suppose to do next? Will I be notified about acceptance or next step required?Once your file is complete it will be processed within 2-3 business days (please allow more time during peak registration periods). If your GPA meets the requirements, your file will be forwarded to the department for review and the decision. You will then receive the official admissions letter by mail.If admitted, you will be able to register during the regular registration period through the MyUNT portal page.I am interested in coming into your undergraduate program and finish up another undergraduate degree. Would I be able to transfer my credits over? You will need to apply as a second bachelor degree student. You will need to submit the application along with a fee and an official transcript from every college you've attended. We will then admit you to an undergraduate program so that you can register for undergraduate courses.The undergraduate advisors in your college of interest will be able to schedule an appointment with you to determine which courses will transfer towards your new degree and which courses you still need to complete. How can I apply to the school to take 2 or 3 undergraduate classes this fall without applying to the graduate school? Although you wish to only take a few undergraduate courses, you will still need to apply through the Graduate Admissions Office for admission. You will need to apply as a second bachelor degree student.You will need to submit the application along with a fee and an official transcript from every colleges you've attended. We will then admit you to an undergraduate program so that you can register for undergraduate courses.I hold a master’s degree with at least a 3.5 GPA. Do I still need to submit my other transcripts? Yes. We require an official transcript from every college you've attended, even if you already hold an advanced degree.I would like to take one graduate course at UNT. Do I have to apply to the graduate school? Yes, you will need to apply for admission through the Graduate School. You will need to submit an application, pay the fee and submit all official transcripts from schools attended.Since you only want to take one course, you can apply as a non-degree seeking student. This will allow you admission based solely on your GPA. If you need financial aid, please contact their office before applying to this status to discuss your eligibility.I would like to reactivate my graduate studies at the University of North Texas. If you were previously admitted to a graduate program and have not been enrolled in over one academic year, you will need to reapply. You can re-apply online!I've already applied for a degree program, but I need to make a change to my application. How can I update it?If you need to update the semester or program to which you are applying, simply fill out an application update form If you are an international student, please contact UNT International.If you are already enrolled, please submit a change of major form to switch your status.I am currently active in a graduate program, but I now would like to change programs. How can I update my status? If you are an active and enrolled student, you will need to submit a change of major form. You will need to be in good academic standing and have test scores on file (if applying to a master or doctoral degree program).If you have not yet enrolled, you may be eligible to complete an application update form instead.Graduation & CommencementHow do I know that my application has been received? If you received an auto-reply that led you to the FAQ’s after you clicked “submit”, your application HAS been received.What do I do if I owe fees for a thesis or dissertation? You can go to the Student Accounting windows on the first floor of the Eagle Student Services Center, M-F, 8:15 am – 4:45 pm and have them posted to your student account so you can pay them. Alternately, you can wait to receive an email from the Graduation Office alerting you that they have been posted to your account and need to be paid. It may take 10-14 days after you submit your final paper for this email to arrive since entry/posting is a manual process that has to be done for each paper that is received.If I have a question about my application should I call to check on it? NO, it’s much easier for our staff to check on applications through email correspondence. Please use the graduation@unt.edu address, and please be sure to include your full name and student ID# in your message.Will I be notified if there are any missing items or problems with my application? Yes you will. You will either receive an email, a phone call, a letter through US mail, or a combination of any/all of these types of communication. For this reason, it is very important that the information you include on your application is accurate. If your contact information changes, please update it accordingly on MyUNT and then notify the graduation office of the change by emailing graduation@unt.edu.If I have questions about formatting my thesis or dissertation, what is the best resource to use? You are required to format your final thesis in the approved university style. Please see Revised Thesis Manual. If you have specific questions that are not answered in the manual, please contact the Graduate Reader directly.Why do I have to have an approved degree plan on file before my application can be reviewed? First and foremost, because your degree plan lets TGS know the course work your department has approved for completion of your degree. Your application cannot be processed without a degree plan. Second, to make sure that the coursework listed on your plan is the coursework you have actually completed to fulfill your degree requirements. It is to your benefit to review your plan with your advisor so if any changes need to be made you will have time to make them.What if I can't meet the filing deadline for submitting my paper? Please notify the Graduate School so your application materials can be forwarded to the next semester. Filing deadlines are available on the Graduation page.I have an incomplete that will not be finished by the deadline on the calendar. Will I still be able to graduate? Exceptions to the deadline will only be made if your professor contacts the Graduate School explaining why the deadline cannot be met and when the grade will actually be submitted. Exceptions are not automatically granted, so please adhere to the published deadlines if at all possible.When will I receive my diploma? Diplomas are mailed approximately 8 weeks after graduation and are sent directly by our vendor to the mailing address you have on file in MyUNT; it is your responsibility to update this if you relocate after commencement.Where do I get information on commencement, including the schedule? Information on ceremony times, guest speakers and other commencement information is provided by the Office of Public Affairs and is located on the commencement website. Seating is open at both Apogee and the coliseum; there is no limit to the number of guests you can invite and tickets are not required for either venue.I'm not attending commencement. Will my diploma be mailed? All diplomas are mailed, regardless of whether or not you attend commencement, so please make sure we have your correct address on file! If you relocate, you should immediately visit MyUNT and update your mailing address. If your diploma is not deliverable due to an incorrect address, it will be your responsibility to order a duplicate through the Registrar's Office. There is no fee for a duplicate diploma and processing time is approximately eight weeks.When will my degree be posted? Degrees are posted by the Registrar's Office, usually within three weeks of the graduation ceremony.Will my major appear on my diploma? Yes, indeed! Students who graduated prior to Fall 2004 and whose majors did not appear on their diplomas can request a new diploma through the Registrar's Office.Where do I get regalia for commencement?Barnes and Noble College is your contact for regalia. Please visit or call 940.565.3176 for information; their temporary location is near Chilton Hall.Diplomas are mailed approximately eight to ten weeks after graduation to the mailing address linked to your MyUNT account.If my GPA is really high, can I receive my graduate degree with honors? Graduating with honors is a distinction reserved only for undergraduate degrees.Can I register for more classes after I graduate? In order to register for more classes after graduation, you will need to re-apply for admission through the Graduate School. You can just use the link at the top of this page!What about courses that I'm completing at another university for my degree?Students who complete graduate work at another institution to be applied towards a UNT graduate degree must furnish a complete official transcript of transfer work to the Graduate School. No commitment can be made by UNT concerning the applicability of such work until official records have been received and evaluated.Due to the time required for receipt and evaluation of transcripts, students who are completing their last course(s) elsewhere will not graduate during the same semester, but will be processed for the next graduation term.I do not have an available faculty mentor in my department to hood me in the commencement ceremony. Who is going to hood me?If your mentoring faculty mentor cannot attend the Doctoral and Master Commencement Ceremony, you may select another member of your committee or work with your department and/or committee to identify a UNT faculty member that is available. Please identify that individual in your online RSVP to the ceremony so that the Graduate School can send the individual ceremony information. If you encounter any issues identifying a faculty hooder, please contact the graduate school at (940) 369-5813.Robert B. Toulouse Fellowship (RBTF) AwardsWhat is the RBTF structure sequence? First and Second YearThe RBTF is a fellowship with no work obligation. The Graduate School will provide the fellowship and tuition scholarship for nine (9) to twelve (12) graduate credit hours and mandatory fees. Health insurance is paid for by UNT through the student insurance program.Subsequent Year(s) During the year(s) following the second year of the RBTF award, the department will provide the student with an assistantship. The Graduate School will continue to fund the tuition scholarship.The RBTF is held for a maximum of five (5) years. A student receives an RBTF award. Is the student also eligible for a $1,000 Academic Achievement Scholarship? No.A student receives an RBTF award. Is the student also eligible for a GATS tuition scholarship? No.Are there any qualifiers on master's and doctoral students' eligibility for RBTF awards? Yes. Master's students must be entering a Master’s of Fine Arts degree program. Doctoral students must be admitted to a program that requires a dissertation.Are students in online programs eligible for RBTF awards? No.Can I change my major while on the RBTF award? No. Changing your major while on the award will forfeit your eligibility.McNair Scholars Fellowship AwardsWhat is the McNair structure sequence? First and Second YearThe McNair is a fellowship with no work obligation. The Graduate School will provide the fellowship and tuition scholarship for nine (9) to twelve (12) graduate credit hours and mandatory fees. Health insurance is paid for by UNT through the student insurance program.Subsequent Year(s) During the year(s) following the second year of the McNair award, the department will provide the student with an assistantship. The Graduate School will continue to fund the tuition scholarship.The McNair award is held for a maximum of five (5) years. A student receives an McNair award. Is the student also eligible for a $1,000 Academic Achievement Scholarship? No.A student receives an McNair award. Is the student also eligible for a GATS tuition scholarship? No.Are there any qualifiers on master's and doctoral students' eligibility for McNair awards? Yes. Master's students must be entering a Master’s of Fine Arts degree program. Doctoral students must be admitted to a program that requires a dissertation.Are students in online programs eligible for McNair awards? No.Can I change my major while on the McNair award? No. Changing your major while on the award will forfeit your eligibility.Thesis & Dissertation Fellowship (TDF) AwardsCan students directly apply for a TDF? No. Thesis and Dissertation Chairs or Graduate Advisor must nominate students.The Graduate School targets for TDF awards to be made at a level competitive for the student's discipline. What is meant by a "competitive level?" A "competitive level" for a fellowship stipend will be at a 10% increase above the amount appropriate for assistantships within a department for that student level. Please refer to the pay schedule chart for more details.What is the maximum dollar amount of the TDF? The maximum dollar amount will vary by department.Who can be nominated for a TDF? Any UNT student on the Denton campus at the stage of completing the thesis/dissertation or final creative activity project in his/her program may be nominated for a TDF.Do students incur any work obligations flowing from their TDF award? No. TDF awardees will not be employed by their programs or departments.When will TDF awardees receive their first monthly stipend? The first monthly stipend will be distributed in September of the Fall semester in which the TDF is awarded.Are health benefits included in the TDF? Yes. UNT will provide health benefits for the student through the student insurance program.Theses & DissertationsWhat if I can't meet the filing deadline for submitting my paper? Please notify the Graduate School so your application materials can be forwarded to the next semester. Filing deadlines are available on the Graduation page.Where can I find a typist or editor for my dissertation? The Graduate School has a list of individuals who offer typing and editing services. This listing does not represent any endorsements and advance bookings are recommended. Download our list of typists.Where can I find information about getting my thesis or dissertation bound? Traditional binding can provide some tangible sentimental value to all the hard work you've put into your thesis or dissertation. While the Graduate School only accepts electronic versions, if you wish to bind your thesis or dissertation you have a few options. If you are wanting soft cover binding, you can bring your final approved PDF to any copy business (e.g., FedEx Office) and have them bind it. For hardcover binding, check out this resource.How do I cite online sources? We've compiled a very robust list of resources on citing online sources as well as other common matters on our Writing Resources page.Does the Graduate School offer word processing templates or any support for them? The only template that the Graduate School has available to students is only for use on the Thesis or Dissertation Abstract. This template can be downloaded here.Do creative ETDs follow the same guidelines as other theses and dissertations? Creative ETDs follow the same guidelines for the most part, but there are a few specific guidelines that are different. The Theses & Dissertations page has more information regarding Creative ETD formatting.Does the Graduate School have any typesetting format files for theses and dissertations? We supply various formatting files for the popular LaTeX typesetting system. Check out our page on LaTeX files for more information.How do I handle section breaks (and other related formatting matters) in Word? For an excellent resource on these issues, check out the Microsoft Word Tutorials from Kansas State University.Does the Graduate School have formatting requirements for theses and dissertations? In fact, we do! Browse our Required Formatting page for a brief introduction to formatting some important aspects of your thesis or dissertation. Also, make sure you download a copy of our Thesis & Dissertation manual for quick reference.What is the address I need to mail stuff to?The mailing address for the Toulouse Graduate School is:1155 Union Circle #305459Denton, TX 76203-5459Federation of North Texas Area Universities (Cross-Registration)Who is eligible to cross-register?Graduate students from A&M-Commerce, TWU and UNT who are admitted to a master's or doctoral program or pursuing certification may cross-register in graduate level courses that are being used toward their current degree program.How do I register for a course through the Federation?All Federation cross-registrations must be completed by the Federation Representatives. Students may not register themselves.Select a graduate course you wish to take at one of the other Federation institutions by searching their online course schedules. You must meet any course prerequisites and obtain professor or department approval at the course institution if necessary.Links to Course Schedules:A&M-Commerce Course Schedules (Select terms from the drop-down menu.)TWU Course Schedules (Click on Search for Classes at the bottom of the screen.)UNT Course Schedules (Institution=UNT; Career=Graduate; Term=Select appropriate term.)Check with your graduate advisor to see if the course you wish to take will meet a specific program requirement. Obtain advisor approval, if necessary.UNT students will complete the online cross-registration form on the UNT website:  http://tsgs.unt.edu/federation/enroll.   A&M-Commerce and TWU students will complete a Federation Cross-Registration form and return it by email to the Federation Representative at your home institution.How will I know if I am cross-registered?Your Federation Representative will notify you by email when you are registered at both institutions. You will pay for your classes at your home institution, and you will not receive a bill or transcript from the course institution. You will attend face-to-face courses at the course institution, and you will set up an account on the web-based learning management system at the course institution (i.e., MyLeo at A&M-Commerce and BlackBoard at TWU and UNT) for both face-to-face and online courses.How do I drop a course if I decide not to take it?You MUST contact your Federation Representative, preferably by email, to request to drop a course so that you will be dropped at both institutionsNote:  You may not drop a Federation course through your university’s online registration system or through the Registrar’s Office at either institution. Failure to contact your Federation Representative to drop a course could result in academic penalty (i.e., grade of F or WF).In addition, you must submit your drop request by the deadline on the posted academic calendar.  If the two institutions have different drop deadlines, you must submit your request by the earlier of the two deadlines. Failure to drop by the earliest deadline may result in academic penalty (i.e., grade of F or WF). How do I add a course if I am already registered for a Federation course?UNT Students should submit a new online cross-registration form for each additional course they wish to take: http://tsgs.unt.edu/federation/enroll.A&M-Commerce and TWU students should list the course you wish to add on your existing Federation Cross Registration form, and re-submit it to your Federation Representative before the academic calendar deadline for course adds. You may NOT add a Federation course yourself even if you have access to the course institution’s online registration system.How will I get my grade for the Federation course? The Federation Representative at the course institution will notify the Federation Representative at the home institution of the official grade earned in the course. The Federation Representative or the Registrar’s Office at the home institution will post Federation grades to students’ home institution transcripts. Will my transcript show the title of the course I took through the Federation?Yes, the course number, course title, and course institution name will appear on the home institution transcript. You will not receive a transcript from the course institution.Why don't I have a grade for the Federation course I took this semester?If the academic calendars of the home institution and the course institution are different, there could be a delay in posting grades to the home institution transcript. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center 1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas 76203-5459 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2383 Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 