 tsgs   international International Admissions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   international International Admissions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   international International Admissions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   international International Admissions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   international International Admissions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   international International Admissions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   international International Admissions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   international International Admissions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   international International Admissions Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   international International Admissions Toulouse Graduate School  International Admissions | Toulouse Graduate School Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home For Future Students » For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors For New & Current Students » For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ For Faculty & Staff » For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs For Alumni & Friends » For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook People Contact Us For Future Students » Graduate Programs Graduate Admissions » Graduate Admissions International Admissions Other Graduate Opportunities Update Your Application UNT/UNTD Affiliation Program Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education » Funding Your Graduate Education Fellowships, Scholarships, Grants & Awards Graduate Academic Advisors Graduate Catalog Request More Information Clery Report on Campus Safety Search form Search the UNT web site: Toulouse Graduate School MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Toulouse Graduate School Home For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors Programs UNT offers 82 master’s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs More Info Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info International Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ Support As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services Graduation You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation Teaching UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR. More Resources For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs Forms Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms Defense Notices If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification Resources Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook UNT Alumni The Alumni Association engages the institution’s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association Spotlights View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School. Alumni Success Support Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now People Contact Us International Admissions International applicants seeking admission to UNT should review the following additional documents that must be submitted to the Toulouse Graduate School for document review in addition to those listed on the graduate admissions page.You should verify with your academic department for program-specific application materials that may be required.  Departments may have requirements such as personal statements, letters of reference, auditions or portfolios that must be sent directly to the department.  Review the list of academic programs and program websites for more information.Priority DeadlinesYou should review the academic program for application deadlines.  Some departments may have earlier application deadlines. Please check the department of your major to assure you meet their deadline requirements. However, applications received prior to the following dates increase your chance of I-20 processing, if admitted.October 15 for the following Spring enrollmentJanuary 1 for the following Summer enrollmentApril 1 for the following Fall enrollmentTranscriptsMail your official school transcripts, diploma and degree certificate from all universities attended. These MUST be in both English and your native language, if applicable. English translations must be from either the academic institution or a certified translator. We accept notarized or copied transcripts from foreign schools only for processing your application. If admitted, original and official documents will be required before you can register for classes.  Official transcripts are required for all U.S. schools attended before processing your application. Transcripts should be sent to the Toulouse Graduate School which will be reviewed and then sent to the academic department for an admission decision.By U.S. Postal Service:Toulouse Graduate School 1155 Union Circle #305459  Denton, TX 76203-5017By UPS/FedEx/DHL: Toulouse Graduate School 1147 Union Circle, ESSC 354 Denton, TX 76203-5459English Language ProficiencyUNT degree program applicants must demonstrate English Language Proficiency.  Minimum TOEFL score requirement is 79; Minimum IELTS score is 6.5.  UNT-International provides a complete list of ways to demonstrate English language proficiency.  If you do not meet these requirements, we encourage you to consider UNT’s Intensive English Language Institute.  You must apply for IELI directly with UNT-International.PassportSubmit the pages from your most current passport for you and your dependents (if applicable) that list your personal information, including the page with your picture on it.  Send to the mailing address above, or scan and email it to international@unt.edu. PLEASE NOTE: Zip files and links to Google Docs will automatically move your email to a "Quarantined" state and the process of removing your email from quarantine will take 2-3 days, delaying your admissions processing. Please do not .zip your documents. Statement of finances and proof of funding documentsIf you will be studying on an F-1 or J-1 visa, you must show proof of financial support for your studies. These are not REQUIRED unless you are admitted, but submitting them during the application process will expedite issuance of your I-20 or DS-2019 if you are admitted.Send financial documents and the International Student Statement of Finances form to the mailing address above, or scan it and email it to international@unt.edu. PLEASE NOTE: Zip files and links to Google Docs will automatically move your email to a "Quarantined" state and the process of removing your email from quarantine will take 2-3 days, delaying your admissions processing. Please do not .zip your documents. Apply for a second bachelor's degreeSecond bachelor applicants should download and complete this Application. Deadlines for a second bachelor’s degree follow those listed on the graduate admissions page.After admission to a second bachelor’s degree, you should contact the undergraduate advising office in the college you wish to enroll for information on course transfer and completion requirements.Sponsored students should contact the UNT Sponsored and Special Programs office.This page contains pdf documents.  You can download a free pdf reader here. For Future Students Graduate Programs Graduate AdmissionsInternational Admissions Other Graduate Opportunities UNT/UNTD Affiliation Program Update Your Application Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Academic Advisors Graduate Catalog Request More Information Clery Report on Campus Safety Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center 1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas 76203-5459 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2383 Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 