 clery   Clery Act Clery Act clery   Clery Act Clery Act clery   Clery Act Clery Act clery   Clery Act Clery Act clery   Clery Act Clery Act clery   Clery Act Clery Act clery   Clery Act Clery Act clery   Clery Act Clery Act clery   Clery Act Clery Act clery   Clery Act Clery Act  Clery Act | Clery Act Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Clery Act Clery Act Submitted by Anonymous on Mon, 07/15/2013 - 16:15 Annual Security Report Crime Alerts Report a Crime CSA Training Slides The “Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act”, commonly referred to as the “Clery Act”, is a federal law that requires institutions of higher education in the United States to disclose campus security information including crime statistics for the campus and surrounding areas. Campus Security Authorities In order to ensure all criminal activity is disclosed, the Clery Act requires UNT to identify individuals and organizations to which crimes may be reported as a result of their position with UNT. These individuals and organizations are called Campus Security Authorities (CSAs). The following individuals and organizations have been identified as CSAs. Members of the UNT Police Department Individuals who have responsibility for campus security but are not members of the UNT Police Department. An example would be an individual that monitors the entrances into buildings and property or acts as event security. An individual or organization specified in the institution’s statement of campus security policy as an individual or organization to which students and employees should report criminal offenses. UNT has designated this to be the UNT Police Department. An official of an institution who has significant responsibility for student and campus activities, including, but not limited to, student housing, student discipline and campus judicial proceedings. Examples include deans, directors, department heads, coaches, trainers, hall directors, resident assistants, and faculty advisors to student groups. The following individuals are not considered CSAs: A faculty member who does not have any responsibility for students and campus activity beyond the classroom; clerical or cafeteria staff; facilities or maintenance staff; any support position that does not have significant responsibility for students and campus activities. Reporting a Crime CSAs are required to immediately notify the UNT Police of alleged Clery crimes, which occurred on UNT’s Clery geography, that are reported to them. These reports will be used by UNT to: Fulfill its responsibility to annually disclose Clery crime statistics, and To issue timely warnings for Clery crimes that pose a serious or continuing threat to students and employees. The following information should be obtained from anyone reporting a crime to a CSA. The answers to these questions can provide valuable information that will assist in the criminal investigation, annual reporting requirements, and the issuance of a timely warning to the UNT community if appropriate. Who was involved What occurred Where did it occur When did it occur How did it occur What is a Clery Crime? Any Clery crime listed below that is reported to a CSA must immediately be reported to the UNT Police Department. Murder/non-negligent manslaughter Manslaughter by negligence Sex Offenses: Rape Fondling Incest Statutory rape Robbery Aggravated assault Burglary Motor vehicle theft Arson Domestic Violence Dating Violence Stalking Liquor law violations Drug abuse violations Weapons violations Hate crimes (includes all of the above crimes and larceny-theft, destruction/damage/vandalism of property, intimidation, and simple assault) Clery Crimes that occur in the Clery geography below are required to be reported. On Campus: Any building or property owned or controlled by an institution within the same reasonably contiguous geographic area and used by the institution in direct support of, or in a manner related to, the institution’s educational purposes, including residence halls; and Any building or property that is within or reasonably contiguous to the area identified in paragraph (1) of this definition, that is owned by the institution but controlled by another person, is frequently used by students, and supports institutional purposes (such as a food or other retail vendor). Examples include Administration Building, General Academic Building, and University Union. Public Property: All public property, including thoroughfares, streets, sidewalks, and parking facilities, that is within the campus, or immediately adjacent to and accessible from the campus. Examples include portions of Highland St., North Texas Blvd., and Welch St. that run through or adjacent to the main campus. Non-campus: Any building or property owned or controlled by a student organization that is officially recognized by the institution; or any building or property owned or controlled by an institution that is used in direct support of, or in relation to, the institution’s educational purposes, is frequently used by students, and is not within the same reasonably contiguous geographic area of the institution. Examples include the Discovery Park, Library Annex, and UNT on the square. Contact Us: UNT Police Department 1700 Wilshire Street Denton, TX 76201-6572 USA Voice: 940-369-7086 http://clery.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. West.Gilbreath@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? urcm@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 2, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 