 tsgs   support Support the Toulouse Graduate School Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   support Support the Toulouse Graduate School Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   support Support the Toulouse Graduate School Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   support Support the Toulouse Graduate School Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   support Support the Toulouse Graduate School Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   support Support the Toulouse Graduate School Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   support Support the Toulouse Graduate School Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   support Support the Toulouse Graduate School Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   support Support the Toulouse Graduate School Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   support Support the Toulouse Graduate School Toulouse Graduate School  Support the Toulouse Graduate School | Toulouse Graduate School Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home For Future Students » For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors For New & Current Students » For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ For Faculty & Staff » For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs For Alumni & Friends » For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook People Contact Us Search form Search the UNT web site: Toulouse Graduate School MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Toulouse Graduate School Home For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors Programs UNT offers 82 master’s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs More Info Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info International Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ Support As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services Graduation You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation Teaching UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR. More Resources For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs Forms Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms Defense Notices If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification Resources Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook UNT Alumni The Alumni Association engages the institution’s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association Spotlights View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School. Alumni Success Support Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now People Contact Us Support the Toulouse Graduate School Through the recruitment, training and graduation of outstanding graduate students, the Toulouse Graduate School (TGS) enhances the research and instructional mission at the University of North Texas (UNT).  Our graduate programs are the nucleus for scholarship, creative activity, community outreach and economic development.  Graduate students expand their intellects, enrich their lives, and discover how the knowledge they gain at UNT can shape the public good for society.We invite you to be part of this exciting endeavor.  Your gift will support our efforts to enhance graduate education at UNT, including the following fellowships, scholarships and fund.To find more ways you can support UNT and TGS, visit Giving to UNT.Graduate ScholarshipsScholarship support is more important than ever to graduate students and are vital to providing many with their only form of support.  Scholarships offered by the Toulouse Graduate School include the Academic Achievement Scholarship, Graduate Student Travel Awards and the Graduate Student Research and Fellowship Support Program. Dean’s Excellence FundGifts to the Dean’s Excellence Fund support the school’s greatest needs, drawing on unrestricted revenue to provide the dean with the flexibility to fund scholarships, innovations, or programs critical to ongoing operations. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center 1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas 76203-5459 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2383 Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 