 tsgs   overview masters programs Master s Programs Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   overview masters programs Master s Programs Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   overview masters programs Master s Programs Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   overview masters programs Master s Programs Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   overview masters programs Master s Programs Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   overview masters programs Master s Programs Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   overview masters programs Master s Programs Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   overview masters programs Master s Programs Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   overview masters programs Master s Programs Toulouse Graduate School tsgs   overview masters programs Master s Programs Toulouse Graduate School  Master's Programs | Toulouse Graduate School Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Main menu » Home For Future Students » For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors For New & Current Students » For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ For Faculty & Staff » For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs For Alumni & Friends » For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook People Contact Us Search form Search the UNT web site: Toulouse Graduate School MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search Toulouse Graduate School Home For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors Programs UNT offers 82 master’s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs More Info Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info International Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ Support As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services Graduation You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation Teaching UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR. More Resources For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs Forms Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms Defense Notices If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification Resources Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook UNT Alumni The Alumni Association engages the institution’s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association Spotlights View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School. Alumni Success Support Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now People Contact Us Master'sPrograms Master's Programs back to Future StudentsOpening doors of opportunityTake the first step toward the career you have always wanted with a master's degree from the University of North Texas. As the largest, most comprehensive university in the Dallas-Fort Worth area, UNT has the advanced degree that will shape your future.In addition to the personal growth it offers you, a graduate degree can expand your career opportunities and your income. Employees with a master's degree earn on average $12,000 a year more than those with only a bachelor's degree.Obtaining a master’s degree also puts you on course to getting a doctoral degree, the top recognition in higher education, and further multiplying your career possibilities.Master's DegreesLooking for Doctoral Programs?College of Arts and SciencesApplied Anthropology - M.A. | M.S.Applied Geography — M.S.Biochemistry and Molecular Biology — M.S.Biology — M.A. | M.S.Chemistry — M.S.Communication Studies — M.A. | M.S.Creative Writing — M.A.Documentary Production and Studies - M.F.A.Economics — M.S.English — M.A.Environmental Science — M.S.French — M.A.History — M.A. | M.S.International Studies — M.AMathematics — M.A. | M.S.Philosophy — M.A.Physics — M.S.Political Science — M.A. | M.S.Professional and Technical Communication — M.A.Radio, Television and Film — M.A. | M.F.A.Sociology — M.A. | M.S.Spanish — M.A.College of BusinessAccounting — M.S.Business Administration — M.B.A.Business Analytics — M.S.Finance — M.S.Taxation — M.S.College of EducationCounseling — M.Ed. | M.S.Curriculum and Instruction — M.Ed.Early Childhood Studies — M.S.Educational Leadership — M.Ed.Educational Psychology — M.S.Higher Education — M.Ed.Kinesiology (Physical Education) — M.S.Recreation, Event and Sport Management — M.S.Special Education — M.Ed.Teaching — M.Ed.College of EngineeringBiomedical Engineering — M.S.Computer Engineering — M.S.Computer Science — M.S.Electrical Engineering — M.S.Engineering Technology — M.S. (Dual M.S./M.B.A. program available)Materials Science and Engineering — M.S.Mechanical and Energy Engineering — M.S.College of InformationEnglish as a Second Language — M.A.Information Science — M.S.Learning Technologies — M.S.Library Science — M.S.Linguistics — M.A.Workforce Learning and Performance — M.S.Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of JournalismJournalism — M.A. | M.J.College of Merchandising, Hospitality and TourismHospitality Management — M.S.International Sustainable Tourism — M.S.Merchandising — M.S.College of MusicJazz Studies — M.M.Music — M.A.Music Education — M.M.Ed.Performance — M.M.College of Health and Public ServiceBehavior Analysis — M.S.Criminal Justice — M.S.Long-Term Care, Senior Housing and Aging Services — M.A. | M.S.Public Administration — M.P.A.Rehabilitation Counseling — M.S.Speech-Language Pathology — M.S.College of Visual Arts and DesignArt Education — M.A.Art History — M.A.Design — M.A. | M.F.A.Studio Art — M.F.A.Center for Interdisciplinary Graduate StudiesInterdisciplinary Studies — M.A. | M.S.Cooperative Program at UNT/ UNT Health Science CenterApplied Anthropology/Public Health — M.S. /M.P.H.Your master's degree is within reachThe cost of education shouldn't get in the way of the career you want. UNT offers a quality education at an affordable price. The estimated cost for two semesters of 9 graduate credit hours is $7,165 for Texas residents and $14,185 for nonresidents (plus additional instructional fees).UNT invests in graduate education. Our academic departments offer nationally competitive scholarships, and the graduate school provides funding and opportunities for professional development.Convenient ways to earn your master’s degreeLearn Moreabout UNT's Accelerated Online ProgramsMany of our master's degree programs are offered both in traditional classroom and online formats, allowing you to choose what works best for you.Our new accelerated online programs feature a delivery method that is flexible, convenient, affordable and 100 percent online. Classes are offered in eight-week sessions so that you can fit them into your busy lifestyle and finish quickly. Five start dates are available each year — January, March, June, August and October.An exceptional master's experienceA supportive environment is at the center of your master’s experience at UNT’s Toulouse Graduate School®.Learn Moreabout our faculty membersExtraordinary educatorsUNT's excellence in teaching and research has been recognized by scientific, professional and educational organizations. You could study with:National Academy of Engineering membersFellows of the American Council on EducationFulbright award winnersNational Academy of Sciences membersGrammy winners and nomineesRecipients of the National Science Foundation's prestigious CAREER awardBecause mentorship and collaboration are key to research and creative activities at UNT, our faculty members will work closely with you, challenging you to develop your skills and supporting your efforts to help you achieve your goals.Innovative research opportunitiesUNT features 282,000 square feet of research space where you can conduct high-impact studies that address scientific, environmental and societal problems. Our facilities range from the Center for Play Therapy and the Castleberry Peace Institute to the Zero Energy Laboratory and the Nanofabrication Analysis and Research Facility.An outstanding library systemUniversity libraries are the heart of learning and research at UNT. With cataloged holdings of 7 million print and digital items and the UNT Digital Library ranking among the top 30 world repositories and among the top 10 national repositories, the libraries offer millions of pages of historical and unique content to researchers and scholars around the world. You can access UNT’s digital resources anytime, anywhere.Writing and statistical supportThe Graduate Student Writing Support office offers writing help exclusively for graduate students. Statistical analysis support is available to graduate students through the Office of Research Consulting.Enhancing your professional developmentThe Toulouse Graduate School offers a wide variety of professional development workshops each semester, including a Thesis Boot Camp. Many of these workshops also are available online so you can fit them into your busy schedule.“UNT is the full package. I have wise and caring academic advisors and mentors who have helped me widen my perspectives, improve my skills and search for better opportunities.”Gulin “Eva” Gelogullari M.A. student in Radio, Television and Film Rotary Global Grant recipientThe UNT AdvantageOur location and our commitment to meeting your needs make UNT the choice for motivated and ambitious master's students like you.The best of both worldsUNT’s strategic location gives you access to opportunities, both professionally and personally. Named “the best college town in Texas,” Denton combines a vibrant music and arts scene with a family-friendly hometown feel. With one of the highest concentrations of Fortune 500 companies in the U.S., the Dallas-Fort Worth area is rich in learning opportunities.Apply NowRequest InformationTalk to an AdvisorSave Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center 1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas 76203-5459 Mail Us 1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2383 Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 