 admissions   international english language requirements What are  s English language requirements Admissions  admissions   international english language requirements What are  s English language requirements Admissions  admissions   international english language requirements What are  s English language requirements Admissions  admissions   international english language requirements What are  s English language requirements Admissions  admissions   international english language requirements What are  s English language requirements Admissions  admissions   international english language requirements What are  s English language requirements Admissions  admissions   international english language requirements What are  s English language requirements Admissions  admissions   international english language requirements What are  s English language requirements Admissions  admissions   international english language requirements What are  s English language requirements Admissions  admissions   international english language requirements What are  s English language requirements Admissions   What are UNT's English language requirements? | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us International Admissions Menu » What are UNT's English language requirements? What academic credentials are required? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us International Admissions Menu What are UNT's English language requirements? What academic credentials are required? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? What are UNT's English language requirements? How to demonstrate proof of English language proficiency (ELP) All applicants to UNT must show proof of English language proficiency. UNT accepts any 1 of the following 4 measures as proof of English language proficiency: 1. Complete Level 6 at UNT's Intensive English Language Institute (IELI): The Intensive English Language Institute (IELI) at the University of North Texas helps international students develop academic skills in English. These skills prepare students for success in UNT degree programs and beyond. **we do not accept intensive English language completion from other institutions When you complete Level 6 of the IELI program, you will be qualified to apply for:  All undergraduate degree programs Most graduate degree programs (check with your department) Learn more about UNT's Intensive English Language Institute (IELI). 2. Complete a Qualifying Academic Program U.S. High School: Official transcript showing graduation from accredited U.S. high school or U.S. Department of Defense School overseas-attended for at least 3 years U.S. Degree: Official transcript of U.S. accredited Associate's, Bachelor's, Master's or Doctoral degree 1) High School Diploma or 2) College/University Degree or 3) Citizenship from one of the below English speaking countries (not the United States): **Official transcripts and degrees will need to be provided ** Schools of attendance must be recognized by UNT Anguilla Antigua/Barbuda Australia Bahamas Barbados Belize Bermuda British Guyana Canada (except Quebec) Cayman Islands Dominica Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Grenada Guam Guyana Ireland Jamaica/other West Indies Liberia Montserrat New Zealand South Africa St. Helena St. Kitts & Nevis St. Lucia St. Vincent Trinidad & Tobago Turks & Caico Isle United Kingdom Virgin Islands 3. Achieve a Qualifying Score on an English Language Proficiency Test Accepted by UNT: Arrange to have official test scores sent to UNT. UNT test score reporting code (TOEFL, SAT, GRE/GMAT): 6481 TOEFL/IELTS scores must have been taken in the last 2 years. The only exception when a student can submit a score for a test taken more than 2 years ago is if the student has been continuously studying at a college or university within the U.S. TEST SCORE AP English Language & Composition Exams Score of 5 GCE (General Certificate of Education), GCSE, IGCSE www.cie.org.uk (except Sri Lanka) C or higher in English Language IELTS www.ielts.org **IELTS scores must be less than 2 years old. Students may provide an official score report if the student has been continuously studying at an accredited U.S. College or Institution. Overall band 6.5 or higher TOEFL www.ets.org **TOEL scores must be less than 2 years old. Students may provide an official score report if the student has been continuously studying at an accredited U.S. College or Institution. We do not accept Institutional TOEFL scores from other schools.. Internet-Based (IBT): 79 Paper-Based: 550 West Africa and Kenya: WASSCE (West African Senior School Certificate Examination, KCSE (Kenya Certificate of Secondary Education), NECO (National Examinations Council) B or higher in English Language SATI taken prior to March, 2016 500 or higher on both sections SATI taken after March, 2016 560 or higher on EBRW CAE (Cambridge Advanced Exam) B or higher CPE (Cambridge English: Proficiency) C or higher MELAB (official version) 80 or higher 4. Complete Qualifying Courses, Degrees or Diplomas: IB (International Baccalaureate) Grade 5 or above on the Higher-Level English A1 subject English composition 1 & 2 Students must complete English composition 1 & 2 with a grade of B or better in BOTH courses at an accredited U.S. college or university, which also must count as transferrable courses to UNT. ESL courses will not count as transferrable courses. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 