 admissions   international how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   international how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   international how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   international how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   international how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   international how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   international how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   international how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   international how to apply How do I apply Admissions  admissions   international how to apply How do I apply Admissions   How do I apply? | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us International Admissions Menu » What are UNT's English language requirements? What academic credentials are required? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us International Admissions Menu What are UNT's English language requirements? What academic credentials are required? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? How do I apply? How and when to apply for admission to UNT as an international student Who can apply as an international student? An international student is defined as an individual on a temporary visa, who does not have a U.S. permanent resident card (green card), and who is not an undocumented immigrant. You should apply for admission to UNT as an international student if you are not currently a U.S. citizen, you do not have a U.S. permanent resident card (green card), and you are not an undocumented immigrant. Are you a U.S. citizen, U.S. permanent resident or undocumented immigrant? Try one of these links: Freshman | Transfer | Graduate International undergraduate students: If you are pursuing your first bachelor's degree or transferring from another college in order to complete your first bachelor's degree, to apply for admission to UNT, please complete the online admission application and submit all required documents and payments according to the instructions below. International graduate students: If you have already earned a U.S. bachelor’s degree or its equivalent and are pursuing either a second bachelor’s degree, a graduate certificate, a master’s degree or a doctoral degree, you must apply for admission to UNT through the Toulouse Graduate School. Apply to the Toulouse Graduate School as an international student. UNT International Student Application Deadlines To be considered for admission to UNT, we must receive your online application, all required documents and the application fee by the following application deadlines. Academic Term Application Deadline If You Are Outside The USA Application Deadline If You Are Inside The USA Summer 1 (May to June) April 1 April 15 Summer 2 (June to July) April 15 May 1 Summer 3 (July to August) May 1 June 1 Fall (August to December) July 15 August 1 Spring (January to May) November 15 December 6 See important dates and schedule for UNT Intensive English Language Institute (IELI). How to apply Send all documents and mailed payments to this address: UNT Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle, Box 311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA 1. Submit your Admission Application to UNT All degree-seeking applicants to the University of North Texas must apply online at applytexas.org. Apply online now. 2. Pay the Application Fee The application fee for International Students (not a U.S. citizen or not a U.S. permanent resident) is $85. How to Pay You may pay the application fee by credit card, money order or check. The application fee must be paid in U.S. dollars and is non-refundable. If paying by credit card, please include credit card information when completing your application for admission or call 1-800-UNT-8211 (1-800-868-8211) to pay by phone. If paying by money order or check, please mail your payment to us. Please include your name on your money order or check so we can credit the payment to your account. 3. Submit Your Official Academic Credentials Mail your official school transcripts, diploma and degree certificate from all high schools or colleges attended. These MUST be in both English and your native language. English translations must be from either the academic institution or a certified translator. We DO NOT accept notarized or copied transcripts. Do not send transcripts, mark sheets, diplomas, certificates or any other academic credential that cannot be duplicated or replaced. ALL DOCUMENTS BECOME THE PROPERTY OF UNT AND WILL NOT BE RETURNED TO YOU. See specific requirements for submitting required academic credentials. 4. Demonstrate English Language Proficiency UNT degree program applicants must demonstrate English language proficiency. Learn more about English language proficiency requirements. If you cannot provide acceptable proof of English language proficiency, you may qualify for conditional admission to UNT and gain English proficiency through the UNT Intensive English Language Institute (IELI) before beginning academic coursework. Apply to study English at UNT's Intensive English Language Institute (IELI). See the Additional Information section below for more information about English language requirements for College of Music admission. 5. Submit Your Passport Send the pages from your most current passport that list your identification information, including the page with your picture on it. 6. Show Proof that You or Your Sponsor Can Pay for Your Studies You or your sponsor (anyone paying for your studies besides yourself) must prove that there will be sufficient funding available to pay for your educational, living and other expenses by completing the International Student Statement of Finances form and providing evidence of funding, such as a bank statement or scholarship letter. Page 2 of the form lists what documents we accept and how much money must be shown. If you will be attending UNT on an F or J visa, you must complete this form before we can issue your I-20. If you hold a qualifying visa and have lived in Texas for 12 months, see additional information about qualifying for the in-state, resident tuition rate. 7. Check Academic Department Requirements & Deadlines Acceptance to UNT does not guarantee acceptance into the major of your choice. Check with your academic department for other requirements and deadlines. Departmental applications, test scores, references, auditions, and other items may be required by a different deadline. Additional Information Attention students currently attending a school in the United States on a F-1 visa who want to transfer to UNT: First, you must be admitted to a UNT program. After you are admitted to a UNT program, please contact your immigration advisor at your current school about transferring your immigration record to UNT. Attention undergraduate students applying to both IELI and UNT: Be aware that the College of Music will not evaluate an applicant’s file until the student passes the music audition and until they demonstrate English Language Proficiency (ELP). Qualified students applying for IELI and the College of Music will receive an IELI only admission letter and I-20 (if needed) for the above-mentioned program. After completing IELI, the student must apply to UNT, and the application’s acceptance depends on the student passing a College of Music audition and meeting other University requirements. For most other majors not listed above, a review for conditional admission is possible. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 