 admissions   international required academic credentials What academic credentials are required Admissions  admissions   international required academic credentials What academic credentials are required Admissions  admissions   international required academic credentials What academic credentials are required Admissions  admissions   international required academic credentials What academic credentials are required Admissions  admissions   international required academic credentials What academic credentials are required Admissions  admissions   international required academic credentials What academic credentials are required Admissions  admissions   international required academic credentials What academic credentials are required Admissions  admissions   international required academic credentials What academic credentials are required Admissions  admissions   international required academic credentials What academic credentials are required Admissions  admissions   international required academic credentials What academic credentials are required Admissions   What academic credentials are required? | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us International Admissions Menu » What are UNT's English language requirements? What academic credentials are required? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us International Admissions Menu What are UNT's English language requirements? What academic credentials are required? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? What academic credentials are required? Acceptable international academic credentials and how to submit them We only recognize diplomas, certificates and degrees that were completed at an accredited school, college or university. Universities must be recognized as higher education institutions by the Ministry of Education in your home country in order for UNT to recognize their accreditation. Do not send transcripts, mark sheets, diplomas, certificates or any other academic credential that cannot be duplicated or replaced. ALL DOCUMENTS BECOME THE PROPERTY OF UNT AND WILL NOT BE RETURNED TO YOU.   International Freshmen Applicants Seeking a Bachelor's Degree from UNT Classification Prerequisites Required Academic Credentials Beginning freshman from international high school Graduation from a high school recognized by the home country ministry of education Official transcripts/diplomas (in native language and English) showing all courses and marks of final three years of secondary school. Beginning freshman from U.S. high school Minimum of three years and graduation from an accredited high school in the U.S. Official transcripts, showing rank in class through at least junior year, plus graduation date, U.S. graduates only. Send SAT or ACT scores Freshman students who have taken the General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE), the West African School Certificate (WASC), the Kenya Certificate of Education, the Hong Kong Certificate of Education, or a similar school leaving exam must present a minimum of 5 passes at grade "C" or higher. You must present official secondary school transcripts, diplomas, certificates and/or national test examination scores as given in your country. All applicants must possess the equivalent of a U.S. high school diploma. To complete your application for admission to UNT, you will also need to complete the online application, pay the admission fee and send additional documents. Learn more about UNT's admission requirements. International Transfer Applicants Seeking a Bachelor's Degree from UNT A transfer student is defined as any student new to UNT who has previously been enrolled at another college or university prior to attendance at UNT. Applicants must submit records of all accredited institutions attended, even if they do not wish to transfer the credit to UNT. Classification Prerequisites Required Academic Credentials Transfer freshman with fewer than 30 transferable college or university hours/credits Graduation from an accredited high school; minimum college 2.5 GPA (4.0 system); must be eligible to return to last institution attended Official transcripts/diplomas (in native language and English) from high school and each college or university attended Transfer student with 30-44 transferable college or university hours/credits Minimum 2.25 GPA (4.0 system); must be eligible to return to last institution attended Official transcripts (in native language and English) from each college or university attended Transfer student with 45 or more transferable college or university hours/credits Minimum 2.0 GPA (4.0 system); must be eligible to return to last institution attended Official transcripts (in native language and English) from each college or university attended To complete your application for admission to UNT, you will also need to complete the online application, pay the admission fee and send additional documents. Learn more about UNT's admission requirements. International Applicants Seeking a Graduate Degree from UNT Please see the Toulouse Graduate School's international admissions page or call 940-565-2383 for information regarding required academic credentials and other documents. Document Acceptance Criteria Official transcripts and marksheets must bear the official seal and/or original signature of the appropriate school officer. Certificates issued by national examining boards must bear the official seal and/or original signatures of the appropriate examining board officer. Transcripts must show a current issue date and be sent directly from the issuing authority. When an original document cannot be duplicated according to the secondary school, examining board or university, attested copies may be substituted. Attestations from secondary schools and universities must be obtained either from the issuing school’s Registrar, the Controller of Examinations/Records or the Principal. Documents issued by an examining board may not be attested by a school official. They must be attested by the examining board. Attestations must include appropriate signatures and official stamps. Copies attested by notary officials, translators, heads of departments, lecturers, other government posts, etc. are not acceptable substitutes. UNT will accept Fulbright or Education USA attested documents. Official English translations must accompany official non-English transcripts provided by the issuing school or university. Translations must be completed by the institution you attended or by a certified or accredited translation agency. Schools that utilize marksheets must include paper titles or course subjects. If the paper title or course subject is not listed on the marksheet, the required information may be included in a supplement. Individual yearly marksheets are required (not a consolidated marksheet). All international evaluations are completed at UNT by qualified international transcript evaluators. UNT does not use transcript evaluation reports prepared by third-party evaluation services. Evaluation of Non-USA Transcripts International Admissions at the University of North Texas uses a variety of sources to determine equivalencies. It is important to note that the list of equivalencies on our website is not complete, but rather represents the most common credentials we receive from each country. Our information does not always coincide with private evaluation agencies. UNT evaluates credentials exclusively for their education placement at this institution. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 