 admissions   international how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions  admissions   international how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions  admissions   international how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions  admissions   international how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions  admissions   international how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions  admissions   international how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions  admissions   international how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions  admissions   international how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions  admissions   international how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions  admissions   international how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions   How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us International Admissions Menu » What are UNT's English language requirements? What academic credentials are required? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us International Admissions Menu What are UNT's English language requirements? What academic credentials are required? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? Let us guide you through the process UNT annually awards $330 million in financial aid, including more than $39 million in scholarships. About 75 percent of UNT students receive financial aid and scholarships. Award Eligibility and Credit Hours Each scholarship or financial aid award requires you to be enrolled in a minimum number of credit hours to be eligible to receive the award. You can view the minimum enrollment requirements for each of your awards at my.unt.edu. The difference between full-time, 3/4 time and 1/2 time enrollment status for undergraduate students is: Enrollment Status Fall or Spring Semesters Summer Full-time 12 or more credit hours 12 or more credit hours 3/4 time 9-11 credit hours 9-11 credit hours 1/2 time 6-8 credit hours 6-8 credit hours Scholarships What is a scholarship? A scholarship is a financial award given to a student on the basis of academic achievement and promise. However, some also take into account financial need. Scholarships do not have to be repaid. There are 3 types of scholarships you can apply for: university scholarships, department-sponsored scholarships and external (non-UNT) scholarships. UNT offers several scholarships for international students. See a list of scholarships available to international students. Some academic departments provide funding to international students in the form of fellowships, scholarships and assistantships. Please contact individual academic departments for more information. If you are transferring to UNT from another college or university, you may be eligible for the UNT Transfer Scholarship. If you will be a graduate student, please refer to the International Students information on the Toulouse Graduate School's Funding Your Graduate Education page. Note for IELI students: You will be eligible to apply for scholarships at UNT when you graduate from IELI. Learn more about scholarships. How to apply for scholarships The first step in the scholarship process is to apply for admission to UNT. Scholarship dollars are limited and are awarded on merit and on a first-come, first-served basis. If you complete your admission application early, you can be considered for admission early, and place yourself in the best position to be considered for available funds. The next step in the scholarship process is to complete the General Scholarship Application by March 1. You should submit this application annually to be considered for any scholarship opportunities available during the upcoming academic year. You do not have to already be accepted to UNT to complete the General Scholarship Application. All you need to apply for the General Scholarship is an active EUID, which you will receive instructions for how to activate once you have applied for admission to UNT. However, in order to be selected for any UNT scholarship award, you must be admitted to a UNT degree seeking program and meet the minimum eligibility requirements of the scholarship by the scholarship deadline. Apply to any department-sponsored scholarships. Each department has their own application process, which will detail the criteria for scholarship consideration. Typically, departmental scholarship awards are made to students with specific program involvement with the department. Students should contact departments from their major or minor area of study to find out what scholarships are offered and about the scholarship application process. Apply for Scholarships. When will you know if I receive a scholarship award? UNT Scholarships Students selected for a scholarship based on the completion of the General Scholarship Application are notified through EagleConnect, UNT's official email service. Monitor EagleConnect and my.unt.edu for award information. Most awards will be announced by late June for the Fall semester. Departmental Scholarships Each department on campus makes departmental scholarship award decisions. Award information is coordinated with SFAS to post the awards to the student's account. How do you accept a scholarship award? Once you have received a scholarship, you must accept it to get the money. Scholarship funds will not disburse to your student account until your awards have been accepted online or your external scholarship funds have been received by UNT. Learn how to check your scholarship award status and accept your awards. Other Financial Assistance Most international students are not eligible to apply for federal financial aid, but are encouraged to be sure by visiting the Department of Education’s Student Aid website to learn about status as an eligible non-citizen. Other types of aid may be available however, such as grants and alternative loans. Learn more at our UNT-International Financial Aid & Scholarships page. International students can qualify for in-state, resident tuition in many ways through International Admissions. Learn more about resident tuition rates for international Students. EducationUSA Advising Centers has compiled a list of funding opportunities including scholarships and grants. UNT offers approximately 3,500 student jobs on campus through the UNT Career Center. Eligible international students can work for a maximum of 20 hours a week during the semesters and 40 hours a week during the summer and winter holidays if they are not enrolled. To find out if you are eligible for on-campus employment, please contact UNT International Student and Scholar Services. How to check if all of your scholarships and financial aid awards have disbursed The Student Financial Aid and Scholarships office processes all financial aid, loans, grants and scholarships. Financial aid funds will not disburse to your student account until your financial aid awards have been accepted online. Once the awards are approved and funded (eg: student loans are received from the bank/lender), any anticipated aid is removed from your account and the Student Accounting department posts the amounts to your student account. View your account summary at my.unt.edu to determine if any award has been posted to your account. See how to check the disbursal status of your funds. Still have questions about scholarships and financial aid? We’re here to help you. For more information, call us toll-free at 1-877-881-1014 or drop by the Student Financial Aid and Scholarships office on the first and second floors of the Eagle Student Services Center. See map. Counselors and Counselor Assistants are available to assist you Monday through Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., no appointments necessary. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 