 admissions   international next steps for admitted students I m accepted Now what do I do Admissions  admissions   international next steps for admitted students I m accepted Now what do I do Admissions  admissions   international next steps for admitted students I m accepted Now what do I do Admissions  admissions   international next steps for admitted students I m accepted Now what do I do Admissions  admissions   international next steps for admitted students I m accepted Now what do I do Admissions  admissions   international next steps for admitted students I m accepted Now what do I do Admissions  admissions   international next steps for admitted students I m accepted Now what do I do Admissions  admissions   international next steps for admitted students I m accepted Now what do I do Admissions  admissions   international next steps for admitted students I m accepted Now what do I do Admissions  admissions   international next steps for admitted students I m accepted Now what do I do Admissions   I'm accepted! Now what do I do? | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us International Admissions Menu » What are UNT's English language requirements? What academic credentials are required? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us International Admissions Menu What are UNT's English language requirements? What academic credentials are required? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? Next steps for admitted international students Congratulations on being accepted to UNT! If you have questions about what you should do between receiving your acceptance letter and attending your first day of classes, don't worry, we have you covered. The first day of class for the Fall 2016 semester is August 29. Don't forget to: Register for BOTH the required UNT New Student Orientation and the required UNT International Orientation & Document Check-In Send us your final transcript. Tell us if you have a disability for which you will need assistance or accommodations. Request assistance for special needs. Connect at the International Welcome Center The International Welcome Center is the gateway to UNT for all international students, scholars and visitors. The center conducts new student orientation for all new international students and coordinates intercultural programs and events. It is also a great place for international students to meet and make new friends, surf the internet, study or just hang-out and relax. Attend New Student Orientations Orientations are made to help you adjust to UNT as quickly and as smoothly as possible.  If you have any questions, please contact the International Welcome Center at welcomecenter@unt.edu or call 940-369-8625. International Student Orientation and Immigration Document Check-In All new international students are required to attend UNT International's international student orientation and immigration document check-in.  Freshmen and Transfer Student Orientations All new undergraduate students are required to attend university new student orientation sessions provided by the UNT Orientation and Transition Programs office.  At orientation, you will: meet with your academic advisor, who will help you prepare to register for classes get with a class schedule for the upcoming semester learn about academic and campus resources meet with faculty and staff from your college or school start building relationships with other students learn about UNT's traditions Sessions fill up quickly, so register as early as you can. Learn about new student orientation for freshmen and transfer students. Graduate Student Orientation For graduate students, the Tolouse Graduate School's New Graduate Student Orientation is optional, but strongly recommended. You need to register in advance.  Departmental Orientations Some academic departments have their own orientation sessions. Read your admissions letter to see if your department requires you to attend an orientation. Contact your academic department or the International Welcome Center if you have any questions. All music majors are required to attend the College of Music's orientation and placement exams at the time specified in their college admission letter. If your music orientation or exam is scheduled for the same time as your international student orientation, contact the International Welcome Center to register for an alternate international student orientation session. Participate in New Student Events Connect with other students, prepare for life at UNT and have fun with welcome events designed just for you. Eagle Camp Eagle Camp is an optional next step that welcomes the entering students to UNT each year with the purpose of giving them an opportunity to have fun, make friends, and learn more about life at UNT. Eagle Camp is open to any new students who will be attending UNT in the fall. First Flight Week and Spring SoarFirst Flight Week is UNT's official welcome program for incoming students. It takes place before the fall semester. Spring Soar is an extension of First Flight that takes place before to the spring semester. This week is designed to help new students begin their college experience on the right foot. From programs that prepare you for the upcoming educational opportunities to programs where you get to let loose and meet fellow peers, there is something for everyone! First Flight is mandatory for all new freshmen and new transfers. Transfer Student Events Come visit UNT for one of our special events for transfer students. You'll tour the campus, learn more about transfer admissions and financial aid, meet student service groups, have your transcripts unofficially evaluated and more. UNT Premiere Weekend UNT Premiere Weekend is a chance for incoming freshmen to get an insider's view of college life on campus and in Denton. Hands-on activities will expose you to new areas of UNT's campus while also providing opportunities to meet other new students in small group settings. Tour Campus If you haven't visited UNT yet, now's the perfect time to take a student-led tour of our beautiful campus. Let UNT's knowledgable Eagle Ambassadors show you around campus, then take an individualized tour of one of our colleges or schools. Sign up for a tour. Take the TSI Assessment UNT requires all new students to take the Texas Success Initiative (TSI) Assessment before registering for classes, unless they qualify for an exemption. This assessment measures college-level readiness in reading, mathematics and writing. The TSI Assessment is not used in admissions decisions at UNT, but is necessary for adequate preregistration advising. For more information on the TSI Assessment, please visit UNT Learning Center's TSI web page or call at 940-369-7006. Sign Up for Housing and Meal Plans Freshman On-Campus Living Requirement - Most incoming freshman students are required to reside in university operated residence halls. Read more about the freshman on-campus living requirement. See the UNT housing guide for information about residence halls, move-in dates and how to apply for housing. Find off-campus housing. See campus dining options. Get information about meal plans for campus residents. Need help finding housing or roomates? The International Welcome Center can assist international students in finding housing and roommates for living both on- and off-campus. Meet UNT's Health and Immunization Requirements All new students, including transfer students, under the age of 22 years old must show an immunization record with proof of receiving a recent bacterial meningitis vaccination dose or booster, unless an exemption is sought and granted. Also, incoming international students may be required to have a recent tuberculosis (TB) screening. Learn more about meningitis immunization requirements, recommended vaccinations, tuberculosis screenings and how to submit medical documents to UNT. Apply to the Honors College The Honors College at UNT provides unique learning and living opportunities for talented, driven students who want more out of their university experience. See the Honors eligibility requirements. Learn the benefits of UNT Honors College membership and how to apply. Connect With Us Join the conversation on UNT's Facebook or one of our other social media channels. Once you’re admitted to UNT, join UNT’s private social network so you can make friends before setting foot on campus. Connect to others by major, hometown, residence hall or organization. Know Where to Go It's a good idea to find out where your classes are so you make a great first impression with your professors. See a map of campus. Learn More About... Immigration advising Health insurance for international students The Succeed at UNT program designed to help you define your future and take control of your success UNT services for off-campus, commuter and non-traditional students Ordering textbooks and gear from the UNT Bookstore Denton, Texas Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 