s international   isss welcome international student scholar services International Student Scholar Services  Internationals international   isss welcome international student scholar services International Student Scholar Services  Internationals international   isss welcome international student scholar services International Student Scholar Services  Internationals international   isss welcome international student scholar services International Student Scholar Services  Internationals international   isss welcome international student scholar services International Student Scholar Services  Internationals international   isss welcome international student scholar services International Student Scholar Services  Internationals international   isss welcome international student scholar services International Student Scholar Services  Internationals international   isss welcome international student scholar services International Student Scholar Services  Internationals international   isss welcome international student scholar services International Student Scholar Services  Internationals international   isss welcome international student scholar services International Student Scholar Services  International  International Student & Scholar Services | UNT International Skip to main content     Home Quicklinks » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now ISSS Menu » Home » Home Executive Order Updates Optional Practical Training International Sash Ceremony Forms New Students » New Students International Student Orientation International Admissions Financial Requirements Current Students Scholars Faculty and Staff Frequently Asked Questions About Us » About Us Staff Biographies International Student Stats Contact Us UNT International China Advisory Council Menu » Search form Search UNT International MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas UNT International ISSS Menu HomeExecutive Order Updates Optional Practical Training International Sash Ceremony Forms New StudentsFinancial Requirements International Admissions International Student Orientation Current Students Scholars Faculty and Staff Frequently Asked Questions About UsInternational Student Stats Staff Biographies Contact Us UNT International International Student & Scholar Services International Student and Scholar Services welcomes more than 3,000 international students and scholars to UNT. We are so glad you are here!  Our staff is here to assist you in complying with U.S. immigration regulations during your time at UNT. Remember, each person’s situation is different and immigration regulations are very complex, so if you ever have any questions, we are here to help. OFFICE INFORMATION IMMIGRATION ADVISING WALK-IN/CALL-IN HOURS: Monday-Thursday, 9:30-11:30am & 1:30-4:30pm • Friday 9:00am-12:00pm LOCATION:  International Student Advising Center, Marquis Hall Room 110 OFFICE HOURS: Monday-Friday, 8:00am-5:00pm   CALL: 940-565-2195  EMAIL: internationaladvising@unt.edu  MORE DETAILS: CONTACT US     ISSS Spotlight International Student Graduation Sash CeremonyThe International Graduation Sash Ceremony recognizes the achievements and graduations of international students at the University of North Texas.  The ceremony is co-sponsored by UNT International and Graduate Student Council.  Spring 2017 International Student Enrollment NewsletterWe are so glad you are here at UNT!  The International Student and Scholar Services (ISSS) office wants to ensure that you have a very successful semester.  To do this, you need to be aware of the immigration laws that will affect you during your... Questions about the new Executive Order regarding Immigration?As we’ve recently witnessed, immigration rules can change overnight. While UNT’s International Student and Scholar Services office is dedicated to staying up to date with any changes, it is important for you to know where you can go to get the facts... Optional Practical Training ProcessWhat is it? Optional practical training is authorization for employment in the U.S.A. issued by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) for temporary work directly related to your major area of study. It may be used before or after...   UNT International Student and Scholar Services Visit Us Marquis Hall 1511 West Mulberry Street Marquis Hall, Room 105 Denton, TX 76201 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle, #311067 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Contact Us 940-565-2197 amanda.guccione@unt.edu Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 