 admissions   international texas resident tuition Texas Resident Tuition for International Students Admissions  admissions   international texas resident tuition Texas Resident Tuition for International Students Admissions  admissions   international texas resident tuition Texas Resident Tuition for International Students Admissions  admissions   international texas resident tuition Texas Resident Tuition for International Students Admissions  admissions   international texas resident tuition Texas Resident Tuition for International Students Admissions  admissions   international texas resident tuition Texas Resident Tuition for International Students Admissions  admissions   international texas resident tuition Texas Resident Tuition for International Students Admissions  admissions   international texas resident tuition Texas Resident Tuition for International Students Admissions  admissions   international texas resident tuition Texas Resident Tuition for International Students Admissions  admissions   international texas resident tuition Texas Resident Tuition for International Students Admissions   Texas Resident Tuition for International Students | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us International Admissions Menu » What are UNT's English language requirements? What academic credentials are required? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us International Admissions Menu What are UNT's English language requirements? What academic credentials are required? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? Texas Resident Tuition for International Students At the University of North Texas, people who do not currently hold U.S. citizenship or have a U.S. permanent resident card (green card) are considered international students. If you have any questions about residency as an applicant, please contact the Office of Undergraduate Admissions, Eagle Student Services Center, Room 305, 940-565-2681, or the Toulouse School of Graduate Studies, Eagle Student Services Center, Room 354, 940-565-2636. You may also email international@unt.edu. Other detailed information may be found on the Office of the Registrar's residency information page. Currently enrolled students should contact a Residency Counselor in the Registrar's Office, Eagle Student Services Center, Room 209, 940-565-2748. Please note that the International Student and Scholar Services office does not process any residency applications and is unable to answer questions about residency qualifications. How to Qualify for In-State, Texas Resident Tuition International students can qualify for in-state, resident tuition in many ways: Senate Bill 1528 (attended 3 years of Texas High School) Transferring from a Texas College/University where previously met state rules Domicile-eligible immigration status AND 12 months of Texas residency based on self Domicile-eligible immigration status AND 12 months of Texas residency based on parent (for eligible minors) Mexican Waiver Competitive UNT Scholarship of $1,000 or more Employment Waiver for Faculty and Dependents Employment Waiver for Teaching / Research Assistants, and Dependents Undocumented Students Undocumented students fall into two different categories at the University of North Texas: Those who have never had an immigration status are considered domestic students for admissions purposes and do NOT apply as international students. Those students who previously held an immigration status but are now considered "out of status" apply as International Students. Undocumented students who have attended 3 years of Texas high school, graduated from Texas high school, and lived in Texas for the 12 months prior to enrollment may still meet state requirements for in-state, resident tuition on the basis of SB 1528 even though they do not have an immigration status. Senate Bill 1528 (attended 3 years of Texas High School) Any person, regardless of immigration status, who: 1) Graduated from a Texas public or accredited private high school, AND 2) Resided in Texas the 36 months immediately preceding the date of graduation or receipt of the diploma equivalent, AND 3) Resided in Texas the 12 consecutive months preceding the census date of the academic semester in which the person enrolls in an institution is entitled to classification as a resident for tuition purposes. Please submit: Complete, signed Core Residency Questionnaire Original, notarized Affidavit Official Texas high school transcript Transferring from a Texas College/University International Students transferring from a Texas college or university who were classified as Texas residents for tuition purposes should submit the following item: Complete, signed Core Residency Questionnaire If we cannot confirm your prior residency status with your former institution, we will ask you for additional documents or information *Please note that Community Colleges in Texas are eligible to award resident tuition on the basis of county requirements, rather than Texas state requirements. As a result, many students currently who receive in-county tuition rates at community colleges might not necessarily receive in-state tuition at a university. Immigration Status - Based on Self See the Texas residency guidelines. Students basing residency on immigration status must submit the following items: Complete, signed Core Residency Questionnaire Copy of immigration status Appropriate Documentation to Support Domicile and Residency Immigration Status - Based on Parent See the Texas residency guidelines. Students basing residency on parent's immigration status must submit the following items: Complete, signed Core Residency Questionnaire Copy of immigration status (both parent's and student's) Appropriate Documentation to Support Domicile and Residency Semester Deadlines All documents are due to your respective admissions office no later than 2 weeks before the start date of the semester for which you are applying. We cannot guarantee that residency documents received after that deadline will be processed before tuition payments are due. Continuing Students All former/continuing UNT international students should submit residency paperwork to the Registrar’s Office, Eagle Student Services Center, room 209. Contact Information Please contact the Office of Undergraduate Admissions, Eagle Student Services Center, Room 305, 940-565-2681, or the Toulouse School of Graduate Studies, Eagle Student Services Center, Room 354, 940-565-2636 if you are a new international applicant. You may also email international@unt.edu with any questions. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 