 financialaid   costs College Costs Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   costs College Costs Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   costs College Costs Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   costs College Costs Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   costs College Costs Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   costs College Costs Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   costs College Costs Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   costs College Costs Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   costs College Costs Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   costs College Costs Student Financial Aid and Scholarships  College Costs | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Home SFAS Basics College Costs Scholarships Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Helpful Resources Home » College CostsCollege Costs How much does it cost to attend UNT? The Cost of Attendance (COA) is an estimate of the cost for students to attend UNT for an academic yearThe period during which school is in session, consisting of at least 30 weeks of instructional time. The school year typically runs from the beginning of September through the end of May at most colleges and universities. (fall and spring) and/or the summer term.  The COA is used, along with your financial needThe difference between the COA and the EFC is the student's financial need - the gap between the cost of attending the school and the student's resources. The financial aid package is based on the amount of financial need. The process of determining a student's need is known as need analysis., to calculate your financial aidMoney provided to the student and the family to help them pay for the student's education. Major forms of financial aid include gift aid (grants and scholarships) and self help aid (loans and work). awards.  The total of federal, state and institutional awards cannot exceed the COA.  The COA covers tuition and fees and basic living expenses (billable and non-billable costs) defined at the bottom of the page.  It is necessary that you budget and manage your financial aid funds appropriately.  F-1 and J-1international students will have costs provided on their immigration documents by UNT-International, which could vary from the COA, based upon immigration requirements. The Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board website has a Net Price Calculator that provides a rough estimation of costs to attend a Texas institution. Gainful Employment Disclosure For more information on Graduate Academic Certificates, see our gainful employment certificate disclosures View Fall/Spring Academic Year View Summer Term Cost of Attendance Definitions Tuition and Fees (Billable) - The average cost of tuition and fees for a typical student is based on enrolling 30 hours per year (15 hours in fall and 15 hours in spring). The actual costs that a student incurs will vary depending on the student’s degree or certificate program. Room (Billable on-campus; Non-Billable off-campus) and Board (Non-Billable) - A reasonable estimate of what it would cost to live on-campus or in Denton while attending school. Actual costs may vary by individual choices related to location and circumstances. Books and Supplies (Non-Billable) - The average cost of books and supplies for a typical student for an entire academic year (fall and spring terms) or summer term. Transportation (Non-Billable) - Represents travel to and from parent's residence and transportation costs to and from class and work. Personal (Non-Billable) - Personal items not included in room and board expenses. Fed LoanA loan is a type of financial aid that must be repaid, with interest. The Federal Student Loan Program is a good method of financing the costs of your college education. These loans are better than most consumer loans because they have lower interest rates. The Federal Loans and Perkins Loans also provide a variety of deferment options and extended repayment terms. Fees (Non-Billable) - The average fee charged to a typical student to cover the processing costs associated with federal student loan programs. Contact Us: Student Financial Aid and Scholarships 1155 Union Circle #311370 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738 Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203 Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. financialaid@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 4, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness Select LanguageEnglishSpanish 