 financialaid   apps index  excellence  Excellence Scholarship Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   apps index  excellence  Excellence Scholarship Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   apps index  excellence  Excellence Scholarship Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   apps index  excellence  Excellence Scholarship Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   apps index  excellence  Excellence Scholarship Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   apps index  excellence  Excellence Scholarship Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   apps index  excellence  Excellence Scholarship Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   apps index  excellence  Excellence Scholarship Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   apps index  excellence  Excellence Scholarship Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   apps index  excellence  Excellence Scholarship Student Financial Aid and Scholarships  UNT Excellence Scholarship | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Home SFAS Basics College Costs ScholarshipsApply for Scholarships How to Check Your Scholarship Award Status Other Assistance - Waivers and Exemptions Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Helpful Resources Home » ScholarshipsUNT Excellence Scholarship Submitted by eleazar on September 6, 2013 - 09:25 How to apply Apply for admission to a UNT program Activate myUNT account Complete the General Scholarship Application Monitor EagleConnect email account   Priority Dates Applicants who meet the admission priority date for scholarship consideration will be given first consideration for scholarships, based on their completed admission and scholarship applications and available funding.Submit the ApplyTexas Application early to ensure that all high school records and entrance exams are current with UNT for scholarship consideration.  ApplyTexas Applications received after the admission priority date not be complete in time for eligibility to be confirmed for the General Scholarship Application. Specific questions regarding your admission application should be directed to UNT Admissions. Description UNT is committed to providing the best undergraduate educational experience in Texas, and our renewable scholarships for incoming freshman is just one example of our commitment! Amount Awards range from $3,000 to 8,000 per year based on high school rank and test scores. Eligibility UNT Excellence Scholarships are available to entering freshman who are in the top 50% of their high school graduating class and score at least 1100 on the SAT (Math/Reading Sections) or 24 on the ACT. International students admitted as entering freshman are also considered for these scholarships based on the required high school rank and test scores noted. Students considering UNT are encouraged to access the Scholarship Calculator to estimate your scholarship eligibility. Note: Students meeting the minimum criteria for both elements (high school rank and test score) may not meet eligibility requirements for an award. Entering freshmen admitted for the fall term immediately following high school graduation are evaluated for scholarship awards based on completed admission and scholarship applications. UNT will continue to award these scholarships for the academic year (fall/spring) based on available funding, with priority consideration given to the earliest applicants. Students should ensure their most current transcripts and test scores are updated with UNT Admissions. Keep the following in mind with regard to scholarship consideration: Many students compete for available scholarships, which are made based on merit and on a first-come, first-served basis to students enrolling in the fall term. At this time, no scholarship funding is available for new students entering in the spring term. Scholarship criteria are nonnegotiable and subject to change. Students eligible for multiple scholarship opportunities will receive the most beneficial award.  Receipt of multiple awards is limited by funding available. University of North Texas Scholarships administered by Student Financial Aid & Scholarships (SFAS) are funded through tuition revenue. As such, enrollment is required to receive the scholarships and disbursements are applied to tuition/fees for all recipients.   Additional Information   UNT Excellence Scholarship awards have the potential to be renewed for students meeting the continuing eligibility requirements.  Maximum length of award and renewal information is provided to students when an official scholarship offer is extended. Non-Texas residents assessed non-resident tuition receiving this competitive scholarship are assessed tuition costs at the in-state rate for the fall, spring and the following summer terms.  Students receiving a competitive scholarship wavier of non-resident tuition must complete Selective Service Registration, according to applicable Texas Education Code 51.9095.  Non-Texas residents residing outside of Texas and only enrolled in online courses should contact their major department for specifics regarding tuition charges. Visit this site frequently for updated information on this program! Contact Us: Student Financial Aid and Scholarships 1155 Union Circle #311370 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738 Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203 Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. financialaid@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 4, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness Select LanguageEnglishSpanish 