 financialaid   grants Grants Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   grants Grants Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   grants Grants Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   grants Grants Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   grants Grants Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   grants Grants Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   grants Grants Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   grants Grants Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   grants Grants Student Financial Aid and Scholarships financialaid   grants Grants Student Financial Aid and Scholarships  Grants | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Home SFAS Basics College Costs Scholarships Types of Financial AidGrants Work-Study Loans Apply for Financial Aid Helpful Resources Home » Types of Financial Aid » GrantsGrants What is a grant? A grant is a type of need-based aid that does not require repayment. Your financial need is determined by the Free Application for Federal Student Aid. At UNT, the only application needed annually to be considered for federal, state and institutional aid is the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). However, eligibility for a grant program does not guarantee you will receive an award. Applicants are considered based on the date of their application while considering the FAFSA- determined Expected Family Contributions (EFC). The earliest applicants with a completed award file have the best opportunity to be considered for available grant funding. We encourage you to apply early every year and make sure you complete any requests made for additional information so your awards can be finalized. Types of Grants Federal Federal Pell Grant Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant (FSEOG) Teacher Education Assistance for College and Higher Education (TEACH) Grant Program State Texas Public Education Grant (TPEG) Toward Excellence, Access, and Success (TEXAS) Grant Program Senate Bill 1528 Institutional Emerald Eagle Scholars University of North Texas Grant (UNTG)/ University of North Texas Tuition Grant (UNTTG) Contact Us: Student Financial Aid and Scholarships 1155 Union Circle #311370 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738 Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203 Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. financialaid@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on April 4, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness Select LanguageEnglishSpanish 