s eagleexpress   traditionalplan Traditional Tuition Plan Eagle Express Tuition Plans eagleexpress   traditionalplan Traditional Tuition Plan Eagle Express Tuition Plans eagleexpress   traditionalplan Traditional Tuition Plan Eagle Express Tuition Plans eagleexpress   traditionalplan Traditional Tuition Plan Eagle Express Tuition Plans eagleexpress   traditionalplan Traditional Tuition Plan Eagle Express Tuition Plans eagleexpress   traditionalplan Traditional Tuition Plan Eagle Express Tuition Plans eagleexpress   traditionalplan Traditional Tuition Plan Eagle Express Tuition Plans eagleexpress   traditionalplan Traditional Tuition Plan Eagle Express Tuition Plans eagleexpress   traditionalplan Traditional Tuition Plan Eagle Express Tuition Plans eagleexpress   traditionalplan Traditional Tuition Plan Eagle Express Tuition Plan  Traditional Tuition Plan | Eagle Express Tuition Plan Skip to main content Eagle Express Tuition Plan Search form Search Search Call us Contact Us UNT Map FreshmenTransfer studentsTraditional Tuition PlanFAQsQuicklinks Back MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect University Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT University of North Texas Eagle Express Tuition Plan Search form Search Search MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Freshmen Transfer students Traditional Tuition Plan FAQs MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Search form Search Search Freshmen Transfer students Traditional Tuition Plan FAQs Eagle Express Tuition Plan You are hereHomeTraditional Tuition Plan Traditional Tuition Plan Know your college costs now The traditional tuition plan lets you know your tuition costs for four years so you can plan ahead. With the traditional plan, you will pay a 3.9 percent tuition increase from the 2015-16 tuition rate and then a 3.9 percent increase each year for the next three years. The traditional plan does not offer the incentive of up to $3,000 for graduating on time but you may still be eligible for the statewide on-time $1,000 tuition rebate. If you do not meet the Texas residency requirements, you will be automatically enrolled in the traditional plan. New freshman? Transfer student? Already enrolled in Eagle Express? Eagle Express by the numbers Eagle Express Plan vs. Traditional Plan For New Freshmen (Total Academic Costs* by Year) *Total Academic Cost is based on taking 15 semester hours in the fall semester and 15 semester hours in the spring semester. This includes: Board-designated tuition State-mandated tuition Mandatory fees Course/instructional fees (averaged for traditional plan) **In your final 15 semester credit hours, the Eagle Express plan will save you $3,000. With the $1,000 tuition rebate, you could save up to $4,000. In the traditional tuition plan, course and instructional fees are not included in the fixed increase. For comparison purposes, the chart above shows average course/instructional fees. Students in the traditional tuition plan may be eligible for the statewide $1,000 on-time tuition rebate. The choice is yours! If you decide the Eagle Express plan isn’t right for you, you will be automatically enrolled in the traditional tuition plan. If the Eagle Express plan is a perfect fit, call our toll-free information line at 844-236-6855 for details on how to choose Eagle Express. Learn more Your academic advisor can help you figure out which plan is best for you. You also can direct any questions you have to our toll-free information line at 844-236-6855. Want answers now? Visit the Eagle Express FAQs section for more information on how it pays to graduate on time at UNT. Top Main Menu Freshmen Transfer students Traditional Tuition Plan FAQs University Links MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map Jobs at UNT Email & Phone  unt.freshmen@unt.edu  unt.transfer@unt.edu  student.accounting@unt.edu  844-236-6855 Eagle Express Tuition Plan   Find UNT on Google Maps   1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, Texas 76201   Visitor Information Call us Email Us UNT Map Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links 