s admissions   transfer how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions s admissions   transfer how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions s admissions   transfer how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions s admissions   transfer how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions s admissions   transfer how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions s admissions   transfer how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions s admissions   transfer how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions s admissions   transfer how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions s admissions   transfer how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions s admissions   transfer how to apply for scholarships and financial aid How do I apply for scholarships financial aid Admissions   How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? | Admissions | University of North Texas Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Transfer Admissions Links » Will I get in? How do I prepare? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? Search form Search Admissions MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Search form Search University of North Texas Admissions Main menu Home Freshman Transfer International Graduate Why UNT? Academics Tuition, Costs & Aid Campus Life Contact Us Transfer Admissions Links Will I get in? How do I prepare? How do I apply? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? How will I know if I'm accepted? I'm accepted! Now what do I do? How do I apply for scholarships & financial aid? Let us guide you through the process UNT annually awards $330 million in financial aid, including more than $39 million in scholarships. About 75 percent of UNT students receive financial aid and scholarships. Award Eligibility and Credit Hours Each scholarship or financial aid award requires you to be enrolled in a minimum number of credit hours to be eligible to receive the award. You can view the minimum enrollment requirements for each of your awards at my.unt.edu. The difference between full-time, 3/4 time and 1/2 time enrollment status for undergraduate students is: Enrollment Status Fall or Spring Semesters Summer Full-time 12 or more credit hours 12 or more credit hours 3/4 time 9-11 credit hours 9-11 credit hours 1/2 time 6-8 credit hours 6-8 credit hours Scholarships What is a scholarship? A scholarship is a financial award given to a student on the basis of academic achievement and promise. However, some also take into account financial need. Scholarships do not have to be repaid. There are 3 types of scholarships you can apply for: university scholarships, department-sponsored scholarships and external (non-UNT) scholarships. Learn more about scholarships. As a transfer student, you may be eligible for the UNT Transfer Scholarship. Visit our UNT Transfer Scholarship page for more information and eligibility requirements. How to apply for scholarships The first step in the scholarship process is to apply for admission to UNT. Scholarship dollars are limited and are awarded on merit and on a first-come, first-served basis. If you complete your admission application early, you can be considered for admission early, and place yourself in the best position to be considered for available funds. The next step in the scholarship process is to complete the General Scholarship Application by March 1. You should submit this application annually to be considered for any scholarship opportunities available during the upcoming academic year. You do not have to already be accepted to UNT to complete the General Scholarship Application. All you need to apply for the General Scholarship is an active EUID, which you will receive instructions for how to activate once you have applied for admission to UNT. However, in order to be selected for any UNT scholarship award, you must be admitted to a UNT degree seeking program and meet the minimum eligibility requirements of the scholarship by the scholarship deadline. Apply to any department-sponsored scholarships. Each department has their own application process, which will detail the criteria for scholarship consideration. Typically, departmental scholarship awards are made to students with specific program involvement with the department. Students should contact departments from their major or minor area of study to find out what scholarships are offered and about the scholarship application process. We encourage you to complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) annually since some scholarships require the application. There is no cost to apply and no commitment to accept any award eligibility identified. Apply for scholarships. When will you know if you receive a scholarship award? UNT Scholarships Students selected for a scholarship based on the completion of the General Scholarship Application are notified through EagleConnect, UNT's official email service. Monitor EagleConnect and my.unt.edu for award information. Most awards will be announced by late June for the Fall semester. Departmental Scholarships Each department on campus makes departmental scholarship award decisions. Award information is coordinated with SFAS to post the awards to the student's account. How do you accept a scholarship award and when will you get your money? Once you have received a scholarship, you must accept it to get the money. Scholarship funds will not disburse to your student account until your awards have been accepted online or your external scholarship funds have been received by UNT. Learn how to check your scholarship award status and accept your awards. Financial Aid What is financial aid? The University of North Texas offers a variety of options to assist you in paying for your college education. Costs should not be a barrier to opportunity. Learn about different ways to finance your education, which include grants, work-study, and loans. You might be surprised to find out how much financial aid  you can receive, regardless of your family’s income level. You won’t know what you are eligible for unless you apply! Get an overview of financial aid options and eligibility requirements. What does financial aid pay for? Prior to receiving your refund, Financial Aid will pay all tuition, fees and housing charges, if you are living on campus. Housing Deposit - Financial aid funds will not disburse until shortly before the beginning of classes; therefore, you need to plan on paying the pre-payment that Housing and Residence Life requires. For more information regarding the pre-payment, contact Housing at housinginfo@unt.edu or 940-565-2610. Books - Financial aid funds will not disburse until shortly before the beginning of classes; therefore, you need to plan to pay for your books out of pocket at orientation if you want to purchase them early. The UNT Bookstore does offer a textbook reservation service. To learn more about this service, contact the UNT Bookstore at 940-565-2592 or stop by the University Union while on campus. Orientation Fees - Financial aid does not pay for orientation fees. However, you may qualify for orientation fee deferment or fee waivers. Contact Orientation and Transition Programs for more information. How to apply for financial aid Submit your FAFSA as early as possible. The Free Application for Federal Student Aid, or FAFSA, is an application that helps colleges and universities determine your eligibility for financial aid. In fact, nearly all students who complete the FAFSA receive some type of financial assistance. Be sure to submit your FAFSA for the correct school year. The FAFSA is available beginning October of each year for the following fall/spring/summer. UNT's school code is 003594. Learn more about submitting the FAFSA. To receive first consideration for awards, we recommend you complete the FAFSA as early as possible before the priority deadlines. If you miss the priority deadlines, you can still submit your application, but your financial aid will be delayed and you will need to make appropriate payment arrangements through Student Accounting to ensure your classes are not dropped. Apply for admission to UNT. You must be admitted to UNT before we can process your financial aid. Learn how to apply for admission to UNT. Cancel any pending financial aid or loans from your previous college or university. If you have been offered financial aid at any other institution for the term in which you are seeking aid at UNT, you will need to cancel all pending financial aid offers at the other institution(s) Please be aware that due to the timing of your admittance into UNT and the scheduling of financial aid processes, your financial aid awards may not be available before the semester payment deadline. When will you know if you are receiving financial aid and when will you get your money? Student Financial Aid and Scholarships will receive your FAFSA data electronically shortly after you complete your FAFSA and you will receive a Student Aid Report (SAR). Learn more about receiving and reviewing your SAR. It usually takes about six weeks to process your financial aid award package once UNT receives your FAFSA data from the Federal Processor. Once that happens, you'll receive additional instructions on how to complete your financial aid file via your To Do List in your my.unt.edu account. Please respond to all requests in a timely manner. Your file must be complete and you must be admitted to UNT before we can process your aid and offer you any financial awards. See instructions for accessing your To Do List on my.unt.edu. If selected for a financial award, you will be notified via EagleConnect, UNT's official email service. Monitor EagleConnect and my.unt.edu for award information. For early applicants who are newly admitted to UNT (new students), awards are made in late April/early May for the upcoming year. Most awards will be announced by late June for the Fall semester. Awards will continue to be made throughout the academic year. Check your financial aid award status. How to accept your financial aid awards You can accept your financial aid awards online through my.unt.edu. Financial aid funds will not disburse to your student account until your financial aid awards have been accepted online. See instructions for accepting your financial aid awards using my.unt.edu >> How to check if all of your scholarships and financial aid awards have disbursed The Student Financial Aid and Scholarships office processes all financial aid, loans, grants and scholarships. Financial aid funds will not disburse to your student account until your financial aid awards have been accepted online. Once the awards are approved and funded (eg: student loans are received from the bank/lender), any anticipated aid is removed from your account and the Student Accounting department posts the amounts to your student account. View your account summary at my.unt.edu to determine if any award has been posted to your account. See how to check the disbursal status of your funds. Still have questions about scholarships and financial aid? We’re here to help you. For more information, call us toll-free at 1-877-881-1014 or drop by the Student Financial Aid and Scholarships office on the first and second floors of the Eagle Student Services Center. See map. Counselors and Counselor Assistants are available to assist you Monday through Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., no appointments necessary. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center Room 305 1147 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas Office of Undergraduate Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2681 Freshmen Admissions Transfer Admissions Technical issues? Site last updated on May 08, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 08, 2017 | Important Links 