  cob   future students Future Students College of Business   cob   future students Future Students College of Business   cob   future students Future Students College of Business   cob   future students Future Students College of Business   cob   future students Future Students College of Business   cob   future students Future Students College of Business   cob   future students Future Students College of Business   cob   future students Future Students College of Business   cob   future students Future Students College of Business   cob   future students Future Students College of Business   Future Students « College of Business « UNT College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard UNT College of Business Departments Home College About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics Future Students Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Current Students Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast CoB People CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login INVEST How to Invest Give a Gift In This Section Why UNT College of Business? Hands-on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information Why UNT College of Business? Business leadership starts here Today’s business world is rapidly changing, and the UNT College of Business offers you an educational experience that prepares you for careers that are connected digitally and can respond to the global nature of business interactions. The choice of more than 5,800 students, the college is one of the largest business schools in the nation. Through its 15 bachelor’s, 15 master’s and 8 doctoral degree programs – many of which are nationally ranked – you’ll learn the skills needed to succeed. Concentrations and program-specific options such as Residential Property Management and Professional Selling allow you to customize your degree your way. Our students, many of whom work full-time, appreciate our “learn it today, apply it tomorrow” philosophy, the industry-tested expertise of our faculty and unique opportunities that take learning beyond the classroom. The College of Business offers a collaborative, challenging environment for talented and motivated business students like you. UNT College of Business offers: A strong network of 40,000 alumni, of which more than 700 are CEOs or presidents of their own organizations. Nationally recognized degree programs, like the Logistics and Supply Chain Management – named third in the nation. Our online M.B.A. program is listed as one of the Top 25 in the nation by U.S. News & World Report. Programs that prepare you for success. We offer mentoring and internship opportunities that will help you develop your skills and find a job after graduation. A diverse learning community, with students representing 57 countries. Cutting-edge degrees like Aviation Logistics - the first four-year program of its kind in Texas. Access to real-world learning opportunities , internships, study abroad, student groups and an in-house career center that make it easy to transition from a student to a rising star in your field. AACSB accreditation: The UNT College of Business has been continuously accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business since 1961. AACSB-accredited schools are widely considered to be the world's best business schools. A strategic location to launch your career. UNT is located in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex, which has the nation’s second highest concentration of Fortune 500 companies, including Toyota, AT&T;, ExxonMobil, American Airlines Group, Southwest Airlines and Texas Instruments. Dallas-Fort Worth is also among the top 10 Best Cities for Recent College Graduates, based on higher-than-average starting pay, low unemployment and affordable housing. Learn more about UNT's location. “What I love about UNT is that it’s a large school with a small-school feel. Everyone fits in, the faculty really care about students and my experiences here have allowed me to develop skills that will set me apart from others in my industry.” Karim Bryant Real Estate and Pre-Law student NOTABLE ALUMNI OF THE UNT COLLEGE OF BUSINESS INCLUDE: Konni Burton (’84), Texas State Senator Tait Cruse (’89), managing partner, Northwestern Mutual – Texas Financial Group Melisa Denis (’86), partner, KPMG LLL – national tax initiatives in the food, drinks and consumer goods sector James Guillory (’13), president, CenterPointe Hotels, LLC David Heacock (’88), senior vice president and manager-Silicon Valley, Texas Instruments George F. Jones (’67), former President and CEO, Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc. (TCBI) Becky Kimbro (’09), vice president of marketing, Texas Rangers Baseball Club Norm Miller (’62), chairman, Interstate Batteries G. Brint Ryan (’88, ’88 M.S.), chair and CEO, Ryan Tax Consulting Phil Sorgen (’88, ’90 M.B.A.), corporate vice president, Microsoft Corporation Drew A. Springer, Jr. (’66), Texas State Representative Charn Uswachoke (’73 M.B.A.), chair, BBUCH Holding Company Ltd. Laura Wright (’82), former senior vice president and CFO, Southwest Airlines About UNT Established in 1890, UNT is one of the nation's largest public research universities with 37,000 students. Ranked a Tier One research university by the Carnegie Classification, UNT is a catalyst for creativity fueling progress, innovation and entrepreneurship for the North Texas region and the state. UNT’s programs are internationally recognized with research and scholarship spanning all disciplines. World-class faculty are making breakthroughs every day. And students and alumni are changing the world around them. Physical Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1307 West Highland Street Denton, Texas 76201 Contact the College of Business Mailing Address: University of North Texas College of Business 1155 Union Circle #311160 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact the College of Business This Website: © 2017 UNT College of Business For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System 