  coe   future students Future Students  College of Education  coe   future students Future Students  College of Education  coe   future students Future Students  College of Education  coe   future students Future Students  College of Education  coe   future students Future Students  College of Education  coe   future students Future Students  College of Education  coe   future students Future Students  College of Education  coe   future students Future Students  College of Education  coe   future students Future Students  College of Education  coe   future students Future Students  College of Education  Future Students | UNT College of Education Skip to Main Content Area MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE Search this site: AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE About Welcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan Admissions and Advising Future Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms Degrees and Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs Teacher Certification How do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office Departments Counseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center People Faculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students Alumni and Friends Newsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE College of Education › Future Students Future Students If you're ready to shape your future – and the futures of those you'll help inspire and develop – UNT's College of Education is your perfect fit. Future Students Home Supporting Your Success Clinics, Labs and Centers Explore Our Degrees Paying for College Our Alumni Admissions "Courses in the College of Education are not just reading and taking tests. The professors encourage classroom discussion that helps you apply what you are learning to real-life situations." Albert Uziogwe Human Development and Family Science student   Matthews Hall is home to 4,000 College of Education students, making it UNT's third largest college. A legacy of excellence The University of North Texas has been an innovator in preparing educators since being established in 1890 as a teacher's college. Today, the College of Education is recognized as a leader in the advancement of education, health and human development. The college offers 6 bachelor's, 11 master's and 8 doctoral degree programs that will provide the training and field experience you need to teach people how to live more productive lives. Our four academic departments are: Counseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration UNT College of Education offers: Twice the field experience of other university programs. Our Professional Development School model places students in 200 schools within 30 school districts in North Texas for a full year of mentorship from a certified teacher. An impressive track record. No university in Texas produces more educators than UNT's College of Education – about 1,000 new graduates every year. Opportunities to apply your classroom knowledge. You'll help real clients and families in innovative centers and clinics such as the Kristin Farmer Autism Center, the Child and Family Resource Clinic and the Center for Sport Psychology and Performance Excellence. Nationally recognized degree programs. Nationally recognized degree programs. Our Counseling program is ranked among the top 10 in the nation and the best in Texas. A chance to make friends among an active network of student organizations. Groups include the Bilingual/ESL Student Organization, Leaders in Family Education, Pre-Physical Therapy Club and the Sports Marketing Association. Access to scholarships exclusively for our students. Last year, the College of Education awarded $200,000 in scholarships. View College of Education scholarships. Did You Know? With over 4,400 students, the College of Education is one of the largest colleges at UNT. Teacher Education and Kinesiology are the 1st and 2nd largest undergraduate majors at UNT. Take a Tour Get More Info Apply Now Contact Information College of Education Matthews Hall, Room 214 1300 West Highland Street Denton, TX 76203 Contact the College of Education Email Us For technical problems with this web site, contact COEWeb@unt.edu.     UNT System UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Universities Center at Dallas Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online Go to Secure Login Page 