 engineering   prospective College of Engineering engineering   prospective College of Engineering engineering   prospective College of Engineering engineering   prospective College of Engineering engineering   prospective College of Engineering engineering   prospective College of Engineering engineering   prospective College of Engineering engineering   prospective College of Engineering engineering   prospective College of Engineering engineering   prospective College of Engineering  College of Engineering Search the UNT web site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT College of Engineering Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam FacultyAdministrative Research Faculty Research Research Culture Strategic Plan AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us Giving Home Prospective Students At the University of North Texas, our student-focused philosophy, world class faculty and exceptional research facilities will give you the freedom to pursue your goals and achieve them. With state-of-the-art labs and equipment housed in our 300-acre Discovery Park, UNT's College of Engineering offers you a unique environment to learn, conduct research and connect with your peers and faculty mentors. The College of Engineering offers 10 bachelor's, seven master's and four doctoral degree programs that will provide you with hands-on, project-based study that will prepare you to make a difference in the real world. If you’re eager to make an impact, the light is green at the UNT College of Engineering. Learn how the UNT College of Engineering can help you make your own real-world impact: Exceptional research facilities Conduct world-changing research and gain valuable hands-on experience with some of the most cutting edge equipment in the nation. Committed, caring faculty Highly esteemed in their fields, our professors also are highly engaged and approachable as teachers and mentors. Degrees With 21 degree programs in six departments, you’ll have the opportunity to gain the theoretical knowledge and practical skills to succeed in today’s most in-demand engineering fields. Paying for college One of America’s 100 Best College Buys® for 21 consecutive years, UNT provides a traditional college experience and the quality of a private university at an affordable cost. Finding success with your degree When you graduate from the UNT College of Engineering, you’ll have the skills and experience employers are looking for. Come visit us Tour Discovery Park. Talk to students and faculty. See for yourself how UNT and the College of Engineering can be your green light to greatness. UNT College of Engineering offers: An opportunity to make the world a better, more energy efficient place through study in the Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering, the first of its kind in the nation. An active network of 21 engineering student organizations. Access to research grant funding. A remarkable legacy. UNT’s Department of Computer Science and Engineering is one of the oldest in the country, celebrating more than 40 years of excellence. Extraordinary lab facilities such as the Zero Energy Laboratory, the Computational Epidemiology Research Laboratory and the Laboratory for Recreational Computing. The latest Carnegie Classification Report has ranked UNT as one of nation’s 115 top-tier research universities. Take a Tour Apply Now Talk to an Advisor Get More Info For Future Students Exceptional research facilities Committed, caring faculty Degrees Funding Your Education Finding success with your degree Come visit us Questions regarding College of Engineering admissions? For undergraduate admissions, please contact Cassady Ogedegbe. For graduate admissions, please contact Kathryn Beasley. Contact Us: UNT College of Engineering 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207-7102 USA Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570 Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us. Have other questions? Please visit our contact page. UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 