s art   future students Future Students Visual Arts Designs art   future students Future Students Visual Arts Designs art   future students Future Students Visual Arts Designs art   future students Future Students Visual Arts Designs art   future students Future Students Visual Arts Designs art   future students Future Students Visual Arts Designs art   future students Future Students Visual Arts Designs art   future students Future Students Visual Arts Designs art   future students Future Students Visual Arts Designs art   future students Future Students Visual Arts Design  Future Students | Visual Arts & Design Skip to main content     Home Quick Links » MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search the UNT web site: Quick Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search College of Visual Arts & Design Home Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Preview Day 2017 Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Admissions Registration Dates Prospective Students & Orientation Graduate Admissions Requirements Contact Admissions Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.   Speak with anadvisor Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Current Students Academic Advising Undergraduate Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities Student Organizations IT & Computer Labs Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.   Scholarships and financial aid Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged. Opportunities for students People Dean's Office Art Education & Art History Design Studio Art Student Services IT Services Galleries and Institutes Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels. UNTCVAD onsocial media Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students. CVAD Alumni Galleries & Institutes About CVAD History of the College Mission Alumni Photos CVAD T-Shirts Tours Building Hours Directions FabLab Photo Documentation Room Social Media Job Openings Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations. Support CVAD Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements. See our latestannouncements Several large scale works of art are displayed near the Art Building as part of our Art in Public Places Program. Future Students CVAD Tours Inspiring Opportunities The Framework for Success Bachelor’s Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Paying for Your Education Undergraduate Financial Aid Take the Next Steps for Your Success Finding Success in the Art World Preview Day 2017 Upcoming Events 21 Oct 2017 CVAD Preview Day 10:00 am to 2:00 pm Events calendar » Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD Future StudentsJoin a vibrant community of artists, designers and scholars The University of North Texas College of Visual Arts and Design is one of the most comprehensive arts and design schools at a public university and is considered one of the best art schools in the nation. No matter which of our 16 bachelor’s degrees and concentrations you choose, you’ll find the knowledge you need to succeed. “The best thing about the College of Visual Arts and Design is the close-knit environment. Your classmates become your best friends and your professors know your name and want you to succeed.” Marthalee Parkinson Fashion Design student UNT College of Visual Arts and Design offers: A legacy of achievement, with notable alumni including a National Medal of Honor honoree, acclaimed designers, illustrators, studio artists and educators.   A wide variety of award-winning programs and concentrations that allow you to choose your own path to success.   A reputation for excellence: UNT produces more outstanding artists, designers and art educators than any other institution in Texas. An innovative education, with unique programs including our Studio Art degree with a concentration in New Media Art, a Master of Arts degree in Interior Design for Sustainability and many opportunities for cross-disciplinary collaboration. A creative campus culture and widespread appreciation of the arts. More than 80 pieces of art are displayed around the UNT campus as part of UNT’s Art in Public Places Program.   Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map] Mail Us College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017 Contact Us (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu Site last updated on Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home 