 studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation graduate orientation Graduate Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation graduate orientation Graduate Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation graduate orientation Graduate Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation graduate orientation Graduate Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation graduate orientation Graduate Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation graduate orientation Graduate Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation graduate orientation Graduate Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation graduate orientation Graduate Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation graduate orientation Graduate Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation graduate orientation Graduate Orientation Division of Student Affairs  Graduate Orientation | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Graduate Orientation About Graduate Orientation Congratulations on your acceptance to graduate school at the University of North Texas (UNT)! After being accepted, you’ll want to attend a graduate student orientation. Although not required, you’ll learn about UNT, your program and resources available to you, among other things. You’ll also need to check with your department, as they usually have a required departmental orientation. Check back for information on future orientation sessions as they become available. If you're a new Teaching Assistant or Teaching Fellow, you should attend the Teaching Excellence Seminar. In addition, international students are required to attend orientation through UNT-International. Review items that will be covered by the International Student Advising Center. Graduate Orientation Details Dates Graduate Orientation - Saturday, August 19, 2017 8:00am - 2:00pm University Union International Graduate Orientation - Monday, August 21, 2017 8:00am - 5:00pm University Union Fee There is no fee for Graduate Orientation. Schedule at a Glance Time Activity Location 8:30 AM - 9:00 AM Check-In and Resource Fair University Union 9:00 AM - 9:30 AM Welcome   9:30 AM - 10:45 AM Student Services Sessions   10:45 AM - 11:15 AM Break   11:15 AM - 11:45 AM Graduate Success Sessions   11:50 AM - 12:20 PM* Breakout Sessions by Classification: University Graduate Benchmarks - Masters University Graduate Benchmarks - Doctoral   *at 11:45 AM MBA students will begin their departmental orientation with the College of Business in Union Room 332. The remainder of your orientation will be college specific, but will end around the same time.  How to Register for Graduate Orientation  To register for the session on Saturday, August 19, please complete the form below. To register for International Graduate Orientation on Monday, August 21, please visit the International Student and Scholar Services website. Graduate Orientation Registration Form Parking & Transportation  Individuals attending transfer orientation should park in Eagle Lots 39, 54 or 55. Do not park in reserved, metered, or garage parking. We recommend that you place your orientation confirmation card in the dashboard of your car to show proof of orientation registration. If you have misplaced your confirmation card, please print the confirmation email that will be sent the week leading up to your orientation session.  Students driving to campus should refer to the Google Maps for driving directions. The office of Orientation and Transition Programs does not provide shuttles to and from the airport. Students flying into either DFW or Love Field airport are encouraged to make alternative arrangements. Disability Accommodations  Students who intend to register with the Office of Disability Accommodation (ODA) under the terms of ADA/504, or who request accommodations during their orientation session, should check the appropriate boxes on their orientation registration materials. In addition, please contact ODA two weeks prior to your orientation date by calling 940-565-4323, TTY callers 1-800-RELAY TX. Visit the ODA website at www.unt.edu/oda. Campus Tours If you are a prospective student, please register for a graduate tour at tours.unt.edu. Resources​  UNT Parking Map (pdf) Immunization Requirements Request Accommodations (Example - Sign Language Interpreters) During Orientation for a Disability Orientation Pre-Orientation Freshman Orientation Transfer Orientation Graduate Orientation Spring Orientation Parent and Family (Guests) Español FAQs Orientation Team Members Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 