 tours   visitor information Visitor Information Tours tours   visitor information Visitor Information Tours tours   visitor information Visitor Information Tours tours   visitor information Visitor Information Tours tours   visitor information Visitor Information Tours tours   visitor information Visitor Information Tours tours   visitor information Visitor Information Tours tours   visitor information Visitor Information Tours tours   visitor information Visitor Information Tours tours   visitor information Visitor Information Tours  Visitor Information | Tours Skip to main content   Search form Search the UNT web site: Tours MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now University of North Texas Tours Visitor Information What to expect on your scheduled tourWe offer a variety of ways to experience campus during your visit.  These include walking tours, hybrid walking and riding tours, transfer tours, academic tours, stadium tours, etc.  Most tours last about 90 minutes and include a decent amount of walking.  Be sure to check the tour calendar to find out what is available on the day you’re hoping to visit.  Regardless of the tour type you choose, wear comfortable shoes and check the weather before heading to campus. Sign up for a campus tour »Still have questions?Call 940-565-4104Directions to campusFrom Dallas:Go North on I-35 East to Denton. Exit at North Texas Blvd (Exit 466B) and turn right. Turn right onto Eagle Drive. Turn left onto Avenue A. Turn right onto Highland Street. Turn right onto Central Avenue and go to the second entrance. Park in the Highland Street Garage. From Fort Worth:Go North on I-35 West to Denton. Take the I-35 East Exit. Exit the highway at North Texas Blvd (Exit 466B) and turn left onto North Texas Blvd. Turn right onto Eagle Drive. Turn left onto Avenue A. Turn right onto Highland Street. Turn right onto Central Avenue and go to the second entrance. Park in the Highland Street Parking Garage.View a map of our campus »Parking on campusIf you need an address for your navigation system, please use 620 Central Avenue, Denton, TX 76203.  This will lead you to the Highland Street parking garage.  You will receive a parking validation at the end of your tour.Planning your visitDiscover Denton can show you all Denton has to offer.  Find a hotel, plan activities and more.More about DentonDenton, named “the best college town in Texas,” combines an active live music and art scene with a family-friendly hometown feel. The city’s thriving music scene has produced critically acclaimed musicians and bands such as Sarah Jaffe, Midlake and Eli Young Band and is home to a number of music festivals, including 35 Denton and the Denton Arts & Jazz Festival.Additional ToursIn addition to the general campus tour, we invite you to take advantage of some of our more specialized tours while you’re here. The following areas offer specialized tours and/or services:Undergraduate AdmissionsMeet one-on-one with a counselor to discuss the admission process. No appointments are necessary.Housing and Residence LifeSee the hall of your choice or just get a general overview. Call 940-565-2610 to schedule a tour with UNT Housing.Fraternity and Sorority HousingIf you are interested in a guided tour of fraternity and/or sorority housing, please contact the Office of Greek Life at 940-369-8463 or email. Visit Us Eagle Student Services Center 1147 Union Circle Denton, Texas 76203 Mail Us University of North Texas 1115 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-4104 ambassador@unt.edu Site last updated on January 20, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on January 20, 2017 | Important Links 