 studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation faq FAQs Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation faq FAQs Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation faq FAQs Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation faq FAQs Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation faq FAQs Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation faq FAQs Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation faq FAQs Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation faq FAQs Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation faq FAQs Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation faq FAQs Orientation Division of Student Affairs  FAQs - Orientation | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home FAQs - Orientation Browse our list of Frequently Asked Questions or select a category below. Orientation Details Cost & Payment Options How to Register for Orientation Academic Advising and Course Registration Accommodations Transfer Students Summer Students International Students Parent Orientation University of North Texas at Dallas Orientation Back to Top Orientation Details What is orientation and why is it mandatory? Orientation is a program all undergraduate students must attend prior to enrolling in classes at the University of North Texas. Orientation is the first step to a successful experience at UNT. You will become familiar with academic and other important resources, while receiving academic advising and registering for classes. Orientation is also an opportunity to build relationships with Orientation Leaders, other new students, and various faculty and administrators. When is orientation? Orientation for students beginning classes in the fall occurs throughout the summer, from May to August. For students starting school in the spring, orientation occurs in December and January. Students beginning classes in the summer will attend orientation during the summer. Please refer to the orientation website and orientation brochures for exact dates. Are there vaccinations I must turn in prior to orientation? No, but if you are taking classes on campus and are under the age of 22, you must provide proof of evidence for the meningitis vaccination: All new students, including transfer students, under the age of 22 must show evidence of receipt of an initial bacterial meningitis vaccination (meningococcal meningitis vaccine) dose or booster in the last five years and at least ten days prior to the start of the semester in which the student initially enrolls. For more information on this vaccination, how to submit proof of evidence, and the exemptions, go to healthcenter.unt.edu/immunization-requirements. Do I need to attend all the Orientation activities? Yes, students are required to attend all activities and presentations at orientation. Attendance is crucial in ensuring a successful orientation and to ensure a good start at UNT. When do I get my UNT ID card? You will have your UNT ID card made during orientation. Specific times in the orientation schedule have been created for you to have your ID made. Your first ID card is included in your university fees. Lost cards can be replaced for an additional $10. What do I do after orientation, before I come to school? After attending orientation, you will want to make sure you have completed your housing and financial aid processes. You should also mark your calendar for First Flight Week, UNT's mandatory welcome week program beginning on move-in day, Sunday, August 20, 2017. Other things you should consider doing before school beings: purchase your textbooks, buy a parking permit, and set-up your Eagle Connect email (the university's primary point of contact with you). I am a second Bachelors student; do I need to attend orientation? Students seeking a second Bachelors degree (post-bacc students) are not required to attend orientation, unless their college/school requires it. Please call the office of Orientation and Transition Programs at 940-565-4198 to see if your college/school requires orientation. The fee for orientation will be waived for post-bacc students. Back to Top Cost & Payment Options When do I pay for orientation? You must provide payment with your reservation in order to secure a spot in an orientation session. Payment can be made online through your my.unt.edu portal or in the Orientation and Transition Programs office (Union 377). Your space will not be reserved until payment is received. What does my Orientation fee cover? Your fee is used for program implementation and staffing, orientation publications, meals, and facilities used during orientation. The fee also provides year-round orientation programming for all new students. What if I cannot pay for my orientation? Financial constraints will not prohibit you from attending orientation. The office of Orientation and Transition Programs offers fee deferments to students who have applied for financial aid and have met certain eligibility requirements. To request a Fee Deferment Form, contact freshman@unt.edu. If I have paid and registered for my orientation session and decide not to attend UNT, is my fee refundable? All orientation fees are non-refundable, including Parent Orientation fees. If you have an extenuating circumstance, you may fill out the orientation refund request form below. Please note that requests are not automatic and are reviewed by a staff member within 7-10 business days of the request. The decision to attend another college or university is NOT an extenuating circumstance. Orientation Refund Request Form Back to Top How to Register for Orientation When will I receive materials and be able to register for orientation? Brochures with specific information regarding orientation are mailed to all ACCEPTED students on the following schedule: Fall admission — brochures will begin to be mailed in March; Spring admission — brochures will begin to be mailed in October; and Summer admission — brochures will be available in March. When should I register for orientation? Because all orientation sessions have a capacity and space is awarded on a first come, first served basis, we strongly encourage you to register for orientation as soon as it becomes available to you. How do I register for orientation? Students are required to register for orientation online. To register for an orientation session, logon to MyUNT with your EUID and password and click, "register for orientation." If you do not have access to a computer, please contact the office of Orientation and Transition Programs at (940) 565-4198 for assistance. Will I get confirmation once I have registered for orientation? Yes, confirmation cards, with your assigned orientation date, are mailed out on a regular basis. Students should receive a confirmation card a week after registering online. If you do not receive a confirmation card and your orientation date is approaching please call us at (940) 565-4198 to confirm your registration. Confirmation emails are also sent out the week prior to your orientation session to your UNT email account. Can I change my orientation session? Yes, if space is available. Please call the office of Orientation and Transition Programs at (940) 565-4198. Back to Top Academic Advising and Course Registration Will I be academically advised during orientation? Yes. Academic advisors help all students evaluate previous coursework and plan for their major course of study in order to meet their educational goals. Family members are not allowed to sit in on this session due to facility constraints. However, students are encouraged to consult with family members, if necessary, before registering for classes. Will I learn how to register for classes and when do I register for my classes? Yes, you will learn how to register online for classes and will have the opportunity to do so with the help of the Orientation Leader staff at the conclusion of your orientation session. How and when will I pay for classes? Your bill will be available to view and pay in your student center on MyUNT after you have registered for classes. For more information on tuition and fees, please visit the Student Accounting and Cashiering Services website. Can I see my class schedule any time? Yes, you can view your class schedule on MyUNT. To login to MyUNT you will need your EUID and password. If you don't know your EUID or password just click on "What is my EUID?" and it will just take a few minutes to get it all set up before you can log in. Back to Top Accommodations Where should I call to arrange accommodations for a disability? Please contact the Office of Disability Accommodation at (940) 565-4323 or TTY (940) 369-8652 at least TWO WEEKS prior to your orientation session.  In addition, please complete the Orientation Accommodation Request Form (pdf). Back to Top Transfer Students I am a transfer student and already attended a 4-year institution before. Why do I need to attend orientation? We respect your college experience and understand that you are likely able to navigate a university catalog and schedule of classes. Orientation is designed to acquaint you with UNT's approach to academic success as well as the resources unique to this university. Back to Top Summer Students If I started school in the summer, do I need to attend another orientation for the fall? No. You will be considered a continuing student and will follow the regular registration schedule to register for fall classes. Back to Top International Students I am an international student; do I need to attend orientation? Yes, international students will attend an international student orientation AND a university orientation. For more information regarding international student orientation, contact the International Student Advising Center. Back to Top Parent Orientation Can family members attend Orientation? Yes. Parents and family members are encouraged to attend the Parent Orientation program that runs concurrently with freshman and transfer orientation. Parent Orientation is designed specifically for parents, guardians, and spouses of new students. No programming exists for children; however, they are allowed to attend with you if necessary. Parent and family member registration materials are included in the freshman orientation booklet and the transfer orientation brochure. A nominal fee is assessed for parent orientation programming. Back to Top University of North Texas at Dallas Orientation I will be attending the Dallas campus. Where do I go for orientation? Students attending the Dallas campus will be attending orientation at that location. For information on orientation registration for the Dallas campus, please visit the Dallas Campus Orientation website. Orientation Pre-Orientation Freshman Orientation Transfer Orientation Graduate Orientation Spring Orientation Parent and Family (Guests) Español FAQs Orientation Team Members Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 