s commencement   information guests spring Information for Guests Commencements commencement   information guests spring Information for Guests Commencements commencement   information guests spring Information for Guests Commencements commencement   information guests spring Information for Guests Commencements commencement   information guests spring Information for Guests Commencements commencement   information guests spring Information for Guests Commencements commencement   information guests spring Information for Guests Commencements commencement   information guests spring Information for Guests Commencements commencement   information guests spring Information for Guests Commencements commencement   information guests spring Information for Guests Commencement  Information for Guests | Commencement Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Spring Commencement » Spring Commencement Information for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Parking and Transportation Fall Commencement » Fall Commencement Information for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Regalia Directions & Parking » Directions & Parking Maps Search form Search Commencement MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Commencement Main menu Home Spring CommencementInformation for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Parking and Transportation Fall CommencementInformation for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Regalia Directions & ParkingMaps Spring Commencement Spring Commencement Information for Guests Related Links Spring Commencement FAQs Graduation is a time to celebrate, not just for graduates but also for the family and friends who helped them reach this milestone. UNT is proud to welcome you to share in the achievements of your UNT graduate. Spring Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremony Spring Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremonies are held every May to give graduates the opportunity to celebrate the more traditional moments of graduation. At these ceremonies, bachelor's degree candidates will be called by name and will walk the stage and shake hands with their college administration. Undergraduate students who are planning to complete degree requirements during summer and who wish to participate in a spring ceremony, must apply for summer graduation by the Feb. 15th spring graduation application deadline and receive advisor approval. Candidates wear their regalia. Learn more about Spring Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremonies. Spring Doctoral and Master's Commencement with Doctoral/M.F.A. Hooding Spring Doctoral and Master's Commencement is held every May to recognize the accomplishments of students who completed post-graduate studies by May. Doctoral and M.F.A. candidates (recipients of terminal degrees) are hooded during this ceremony by their faculty mentor(s). Graduates wear their regalia. Master's students must have completed all degree requirements to participate in the spring ceremony. Master’s students who defend a thesis after April 15th may participate in the ceremony providing their major professor, department chair, and dean approve the request and forward to the graduate school. Doctoral students must have defended their dissertation by April 15th to participate in the spring ceremony. Doctoral students who defend after April 15th may participate in the ceremony providing their major professor, department chair, and dean approve the request and forward to the graduate school. Learn more about Spring Doctoral and Master's Commencement . Commencement Ceremony Details UNT Graduation Block Party Guests of graduates are invited to attend the UNT Graduation Block Party from 5 p.m.-9 p.m. on May 12 (Friday). A celebration of everything your grad has accomplished, this family-friendly event will include commemorative giveaways, a special gift for graduates, free festival-type food, food trucks, live music, games, photo ops, Scrappy, one drawing for a free class ring and another for free diploma frames, a special ice cream flavor in honor of graduation, and UNT merchandise and memorabilia available for purchase. Everything wraps up with fireworks and the UNT Alma Mater at dark. The party will encompass the library mall and the University Union's south lawn off Highland Street and parking will be available in the lots along Welch Street, in the Highland Street parking garage and in the Fouts Field lots. Undergraduate and Graduate Ceremonies The Spring Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremonies and the Doctoral and Master's Commencement includes: Conferral of degrees, graduates being called by name, walking the stage, shaking hands with college administration and having their photo taken. Doctoral and M.F.A. candidates (recipients of terminal degrees) will be hooded by their mentor professor(s). Important Guest Information: Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremonies and the Doctoral and Master's Commencement are held in either the UNT Coliseum or the Murchison Performing Arts Center. Doors to the Coliseum will open approximately one-and-a-half hours before the ceremony and guests should arrive about an hour before the event. Doors to the Margot and Bill Winspear Performance Hall inside the Murchison Performing Arts Center open a half-hour prior to the event and guests should plan to arrive at about that time. Guests are asked to stay for the duration of the ceremony. While the typical commencement venues -- UNT Coliseum and the Murchison Performing Arts Center -- are large venues, many ceremonies maximize seating capacity. So that guests in attendance can be seated and enjoy the event, the university requires that guests holding (saving) seats release them 10 minutes prior to each ceremony. There is no admission charge and seating is not reserved. For the college ceremonies and doctoral and master’s commencement, graduates can invite family and friends. If graduation ceremonies reach seating capacity, guests will be directed to nearby venues to watch live broadcasts of the ceremonies on television screens. Due to fire codes and safety issues, there will be no standing room for guests. ADA accessible seating for all venues is available upon request. Photos Graduates will have their photo taken by professional photographers during the Spring Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremonies and the Doctoral and Master's Commencement . A posed photo will be taken with your diploma cover, and a candid shot will be taken as they shake hands with the university official. Proofs of these photos will be emailed from Flash Photography to the graduate’s UNT email address in the weeks following the ceremony. Visit Us Alumni Center Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-2000 Technical issues? Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 