s commencement   fall commencement overview Fall Commencement Overview Commencements commencement   fall commencement overview Fall Commencement Overview Commencements commencement   fall commencement overview Fall Commencement Overview Commencements commencement   fall commencement overview Fall Commencement Overview Commencements commencement   fall commencement overview Fall Commencement Overview Commencements commencement   fall commencement overview Fall Commencement Overview Commencements commencement   fall commencement overview Fall Commencement Overview Commencements commencement   fall commencement overview Fall Commencement Overview Commencements commencement   fall commencement overview Fall Commencement Overview Commencements commencement   fall commencement overview Fall Commencement Overview Commencement  Fall Commencement Overview | Commencement Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Spring Commencement » Spring Commencement Information for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Parking and Transportation Fall Commencement » Fall Commencement Information for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Regalia Directions & Parking » Directions & Parking Maps Search form Search Commencement MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Commencement Main menu Home Spring CommencementInformation for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Parking and Transportation Fall CommencementInformation for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Regalia Directions & ParkingMaps Fall Commencement Fall Commencement Fall Commencement Overview About the Events Fall Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremonies Each college holds undergraduate commencement ceremonies in December for bachelor's degree graduates that feature traditional commencement elements. Graduates are called by name, walk the stage, shake hands with college administration, and have their photo taken. Graduates wear their regalia at this and all UNT graduation ceremonies. The fall college commencement ceremonies include degree conferral. Who can participate: If you graduate in August or December, you can participate in your college’s fall Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremony. To participate in a Fall Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremony, a student must be an August graduate or a bachelor’s degree candidate for graduation at the time of the ceremony, must have applied for graduation and must RSVP using the link provided in the mailed graduation packet. Learn more about applying for graduation.  Undergraduate students who completed degree requirements and graduated in August are invited back to attend their college’s fall commencement ceremony. Invitations will be mailed by the Registrar’s Office, and interested graduates must follow RSVP instructions to attend the ceremony. Graduates can invite family and friends. Graduates and their guests are expected to remain for the duration of the ceremony. If graduation ceremonies reach seating capacity, guests will be directed to nearby venues to watch live broadcasts of the ceremonies on television screens. Due to fire codes and safety issues, there will be no standing room for guests. Fall Doctoral and Master's Commencement with Doctoral/M.F.A. Hooding The university holds a separate commencement ceremony in December for master's and doctoral candidates that features traditional commencement elements and recognizes their unique accomplishments. Master’s candidates process to the stage, have their name called, walk the stage and shake hands with university administration, and have their photo taken. Doctoral and M.F.A. candidates (recipients of terminal degrees) are hooded during this ceremony by their faculty mentor(s). Graduates wear their regalia at this event. The fall doctoral and master’s commencement does include degree conferral. Who can participate: Doctoral and master's candidates earning degrees in August or December will be recognized in the fall Doctoral and Master's Commencement. To participate in the fall Doctoral and Master's Commencement, doctoral and master's candidates must complete their degree requirements and must RSVP using the links provided in the mailed graduation packet. December candidates must apply for graduation by the posted deadline and RSVP that they plan to attend the ceremony, Learn more about applying for graduation. Graduates who completed their degree requirements and graduated in August are invited back to attend the fall Doctoral and Master’s Commencement. Invitations will be mailed by the Registrar’s Office, and interested graduates must follow RSVP instructions to attend the ceremony. Graduates can invite family and friends. There is no limit to the number of guests that graduates can invite to attend the Doctoral and Master’s Commencement. Graduates and their guests are expected to remain for the duration of the ceremony. Visit Us Alumni Center Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-2000 Technical issues? Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 