s commencement   information fall grads Information for Graduates Commencements commencement   information fall grads Information for Graduates Commencements commencement   information fall grads Information for Graduates Commencements commencement   information fall grads Information for Graduates Commencements commencement   information fall grads Information for Graduates Commencements commencement   information fall grads Information for Graduates Commencements commencement   information fall grads Information for Graduates Commencements commencement   information fall grads Information for Graduates Commencements commencement   information fall grads Information for Graduates Commencements commencement   information fall grads Information for Graduates Commencement  Information for Graduates | Commencement Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Spring Commencement » Spring Commencement Information for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Parking and Transportation Fall Commencement » Fall Commencement Information for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Regalia Directions & Parking » Directions & Parking Maps Search form Search Commencement MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Commencement Main menu Home Spring CommencementInformation for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Parking and Transportation Fall CommencementInformation for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Regalia Directions & ParkingMaps Fall Commencement Fall Commencement Information for Graduates Quick Links for Grads Graduation with honors You're almost there, graduate! Taking part in commencement is the ceremonial celebration when you can share in the excitement and joy of becoming a UNT graduate with your family and friends. We can't wait to celebrate with you. Learn more below about the steps to apply for graduation and to participate in commencement events. Distinction between Graduating and Participating in Commencement Commencement events and recognition ceremonies are the congratulatory ceremonies hosted by university officials in which students are publicly and formally recognized. Graduation is the process of being awarded a degree after successfully completing credit hours and other degree requirements. Actual diplomas are not awarded at commencement ceremonies and participation in the ceremonies is not a guarantee of degree completion. To officially graduate from UNT, a student must apply for graduation by the posted deadline. After receipt of final grades, the student's degree audit must show the student satisfied all university, college and departmental requirements for the specific degree. A degree becomes official when it is posted to a student's transcript -- typically two to three weeks after the completion of their final term -- not by their participation in commencement exercises. A student does not have to be present at a commencement ceremony to receive their degree. Advising is an important part of making sure you're on track to graduate and that you understand when you can expect to graduate and participate in commencement. Learn more about meeting with an advisor. Graduation Information Students who plan to complete degree requirements in August or December must apply for fall graduation. The Registrar's Office website includes all application instructions and deadlines. Login to MyUNT and from the Student Center click on the “Apply for Graduation” link in the Other Academic drop down. The “Apply for Graduation” link will be visible, even if you may not be eligible for graduation at this time. Please see your academic advising office for more information. Graduation applicants will be mailed commencement information packets approximately two weeks prior to their commencement ceremony. The information packets mailed to graduation applicants will include: Links to RSVP for the ceremonies. RSVPs must be received by the deadline listed in the packet. Official commencement name cards Detailed instructions that are specific to each student and the ceremony or ceremonies they will attend. Fall Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremonies What is it: Each college holds Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremonies in December for bachelor's degree graduates that feature traditional commencement elements in a more intimate setting. Graduates are called by name, walk the stage, shake hands with their college administration, and get their photo taken. Graduates wear their regalia at this event. The fall college commencement ceremonies do include degree conferral. Who can participate: To participate in a Fall Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremony, a student must be an August graduate or a bachelor’s degree candidate for graduation at the time of the ceremony, must have applied for graduation and must RSVP using the link provided in the mailed graduation packet. Learn more about applying for graduation. Undergraduate students who completed degree requirements and graduated in August are invited back to attend their college’s fall commencement ceremony. Invitations will be mailed by the Registrar’s Office, and interested graduates must follow RSVP instructions to attend the ceremony. When is it: Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremonies are held every December. Dates will be posted as information becomes available. Who can attend: Graduates can invite family and friends and should check with their college on whether there are any guest limits due to venue capacity. Graduates and their guests are expected to remain for the duration of the ceremony. Fall Doctoral and Master's Commencement with Doctoral/M.F.A. Hooding What is it: The university holds a separate ceremony for master's and doctoral candidates in December that features traditional commencement elements and recognizes their unique accomplishments. Graduates process to the stage, have their name called, walk the stage, shake hands with their university administration and have their photo taken. Doctoral and M.F.A. candidates (recipients of terminal degrees) are hooded during this ceremony by their faculty mentor. Graduates wear their regalia at this event. The fall doctoral and master’s commencement does include degree conferral. Who can participate: Doctoral and master's candidates earning degrees in August or December will be recognized in the fall Doctoral and Master's Commencement. To participate in the fall Doctoral and Master's Commencement, doctoral and master's candidates must apply for graduation, complete their degree requirements and RSVP using the links provided in the mailed graduation packet. December candidates must apply for graduation by the posted deadline and RSVP that they plan to attend the ceremony. Learn more about applying for graduation Graduates who completed their degree requirements and graduated in August are invited back to attend the fall Doctoral and Master’s Commencement. Invitations will be [emailed/mailed] by the Registrar’s Office, and interested graduates must follow RSVP instructions to attend the ceremony. Who can attend: Graduates can invite family and friends and should check with their college on whether there are any guest limits due to venue capacity. Graduates and their guests are expected to remain for the duration of the ceremony. Line-up and Recognition Fall Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremonies Line-up for the Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremonies will begin one hour prior to the event in the respective venue. There will be signage directing candidates where to line up at each event. Candidates will process into the respective venue and be seated as directed by commencement marshals. Candidates will be called to the stage by name for individual recognition so they need to bring the name card that was included in their information packet. The name card will indicate the student's position in the line-up. Candidates should watch for cues from marshals who will indicate when and where candidates should approach the stage. Candidates will walk up the stairs and hand their name cards to the announcer before they walk onto the stage. Wheelchair lifts or ramps will be available for those with mobility concerns. Candidates should make note of this need on their RSVP information. Fall Doctoral and Master’s Commencement Line-up for the Doctoral and Master’s Commencement will begin one hour before the event starts. Candidates will take part in a formal processional into the UNT Coliseum and will be seated as directed by commencement marshals. Candidates will be called to the stage by name for individual recognition so they need to bring the name card that was included in their information packet. The name card will indicate the student's position in the line-up. Candidates should watch for cues from marshals who will indicate when and where candidates should approach the stage. Candidates will walk up the stairs and hand their name cards to the announcer before they walk onto the stage. Wheelchair lifts or ramps will be available for those with mobility concerns. Candidates should make note of this need on their RSVP information. Doctoral and M.F.A. candidates (recipients of terminal degrees) will be hooded by their mentor professor(s). Regalia Graduates will wear official approved regalia for all formal commencement events. All arrangements for regalia approved by the university should be made with the official provider, Barnes and Noble at UNT, located inside the University Union, 1155 Union Cir, Denton, TX, 76203 (940-565-2592). Master’s and bachelor’s candidates will receive a tassel as part of their regalia purchase or rental. Attire Women should wear cool, dark dresses, skirts or slacks and dark shoes. Men should wear dress shirts, dark trousers, a tie and dark shoes. Graduates will be more comfortable in cool fabrics and comfortable shoes. Please do not bring handbags, umbrellas or coats as there will not be a place to store them during the ceremony. Guests UNT does not issue or require tickets for Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremonies and there is no limit to the number of guests that graduates can invite to these events. Guests will be seated in the stadium seats in the Coliseum or audience seats in the Murchison Performing Arts Center. For the college ceremonies and doctoral and master’s commencement, graduates can invite family and friends. Photo Graduates will have their pictures taken by professional photographers twice during the Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremonies and the Doctoral and Master's Commencement. A posed photo will be taken with your diploma cover, and a candid shot will be taken as you shake hands with university officials. Proofs of these photos will be emailed from Flash Photography to the graduate’s UNT email address in the weeks following the ceremony. Visit Us Alumni Center Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-2000 Technical issues? Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 