s commencement   directions  Getting Here Commencements commencement   directions  Getting Here Commencements commencement   directions  Getting Here Commencements commencement   directions  Getting Here Commencements commencement   directions  Getting Here Commencements commencement   directions  Getting Here Commencements commencement   directions  Getting Here Commencements commencement   directions  Getting Here Commencements commencement   directions  Getting Here Commencements commencement   directions  Getting Here Commencement  Getting Here | Commencement Skip to main content     Home Main menu » Home Spring Commencement » Spring Commencement Information for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Parking and Transportation Fall Commencement » Fall Commencement Information for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Regalia Directions & Parking » Directions & Parking Maps Search form Search Commencement MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Commencement Main menu Home Spring CommencementInformation for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Parking and Transportation Fall CommencementInformation for Graduates Information for Guests FAQs Schedule Regalia Directions & ParkingMaps Directions & Parking Directions & Parking Getting Here Related Links UNT Commencement Parking Map Commencement draws many people to the UNT campus to celebrate with graduates. Because so many people will be converging on campus at the same time, there will be more congestion and traffic on campus than usual all day Friday, May 12 and Saturday, May 13. Drivers should be prepared that they may encounter delays before they reach Denton due to the Texas Department of Transportation's 35 Express Project. A portion of North Texas Boulevard leading into campus (between Eagle Drive and Highland Street) will be closed to vehicles during commencement events for pedestrians' safety. Highland Street will be closed from Ave. C to Ave. A all day on Friday, May 12. UNT shuttles will be available from 4:30 - 10:30 p.m. Friday, May 12, to take graduates and their guests from Lots 14, 15 and 17 along North Texas Boluevard to the Graduation Block Party at Avenue C and Highland Street. Please be aware, expect delays, plan ahead and allow yourself ample time to get to your destination. Below is information including: Directions to and from campus Parking for Undergraduate College Commencement Ceremonies and Doctoral and Master's Commencement Parking for Graduation Block Party   See the Commencement Schedule of Events. Directions to and from UNT For navigation systems, enter 600 Avenue D, Denton, Texas, 76201, as the destination. This will lead you to the Coliseum. Follow the Commencement Parking signs and traffic control officer directions. From Dallas: Go north on I-35 E to Denton Exit North Texas Blvd. Stay on the north service road and follow the Commencement Parking signs and traffic control officer's directions to enter parking area From Fort Worth: Go north on I-35 W to Denton Take I-35 E exit to Dallas Exit Fort Worth Drive (Highway 377) and U turn onto northbound service road Stay on service road to North Texas Blvd. and follow the Commencement Parking signs and traffic control officer's directions From north of Denton: Go south on I-35 to Denton Exit Fort Worth Drive (Highway 377) and U turn onto northbound service road Stay on service road to North Texas Blvd. and follow the Commencement Parking signs and traffic control officer's directions Parking for College Recognition Ceremonies and Doctoral and Master's Convocation Parking will be in Lot 20 (Fouts Field) as well as lots 14, 15 and 17 along North Texas Boluevard, Lot 23 on Eagle Drive and the Highland Street Parking Garage. ADA parking is available in Lots 20 and 27. Instructions for handicapped and special needs parking Special needs and handicapped drop off and parking will be available at the Coliseum and Murchison Performing Arts Center until the parking lots have filled. For the Coliseum: Special needs and handicapped drop off at the Coliseum Circle is on Avenue D on the east side of the Coliseum. Handicapped parking for the Coliseum is along Avenue D and in Lot 27, which is east of the Coliseum between Highland Street and Maple Street. For the Murchison Performing Arts Center: Special needs and handicapped drop off at the Murchison Performing Arts Center is on the northwest side of the center in the circle drive. Handicapped parking for the Murchison Performing Arts Center is on the south side of Lot 20 (Fouts Field parking). Handicapped parking is very limited. Instructions for graduates North Texas Boulevard will be closed between Eagle Drive and Highland Street all day Friday, May 12 and Saturday, May 13. Fouts Field parking lots will only be accessible from: the I-35 access road past the Murchison Performing Arts Center Allen Saxe Drive next to Traditions Hall Graduates may park in the Fouts Field parking lots for College Commencement Ceremonies, but space is limited and the surrounding streets will be congested with event traffic. Expect delays.  If Fouts Field parking lots are full, graduates can park in any lots north of Fouts Field and walk to the Coliseum or Murchison Performing Arts Center. Instructions for UNT employees North Texas Boulevard will be closed between Eagle Drive and Highland Street all day Friday, May 12 and Saturday, May 13. Fouts Field parking lots will only be accessible from: the I-35 access road past the Murchison Performing Arts Center Allen Saxe Drive next to Traditions Hall Eagle Drive will be closed for westbound traffic at Avenue C. When the Fouts Field parking lots are full, all traffic will be directed to the Welch Street parking lots. The North Texas Boulevard bridge over I-35 may be closed at times to traffic crossing I-35. Be aware that there will be major congestion at North Texas Boulevard and Bonnie Brae Street near the Coliseum and Murchison Performing Arts Center throughout the day Friday and Saturday. Faculty and staff participating in the College Commencement Ceremonies should park in Lot 26, north of Highland Street. You may park in the Fouts Field parking lots, but space is limited and the surrounding streets will be congested with event traffic. Expect delays.  Parking for Graduation Block Party Parking will be in the Fouts Field Lot (Lot 20), in Lot 23 on Eagle Drive and in the Highland Street Parking Garage. Additional parking will be available in the lots along Welch Street. Visit Us Alumni Center Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203 Contact Us 940-565-2000 Technical issues? Site last updated on May 03, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links 