 advising   about advising About Advising Advising  advising   about advising About Advising Advising  advising   about advising About Advising Advising  advising   about advising About Advising Advising  advising   about advising About Advising Advising  advising   about advising About Advising Advising  advising   about advising About Advising Advising  advising   about advising About Advising Advising  advising   about advising About Advising Advising  advising   about advising About Advising Advising   About Advising | Advising @ UNT Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Advising @ UNT Home Getting Started About Advising Building Your Degree Signing Up for Class Campus Resources Paying for College About Your GPA Dropping a Class Class Concierge Campus Resources Find My Advisor Plan My Class Schedule Calculate My GPA About Advising   What is an Advisor? Who is My Advisor? What is an Advising Appointment? Specialized Advising   Need more help? Home UNT Academic Advising The UNT Academic Advising staff and faculty strive to support our 38,000 students with their personal, academic, and career goals. With over 101 bachelor’s, 82 master’s, and 38 doctoral programs, there is a lot to navigate at the University of North Texas with just your major and degree requirements. Each student is an important member of the UNT community – we want you to make the most of your university experience! At UNT, advising staff and faculty will help you review class options, navigate degree requirements, understand policies, and encourage you to get involved in opportunities to explore and achieve your academic goals. The advising community on campus wants you to Succeed at UNT as you find your “green light to greatness.” Contact Us: UNT Senior Advisor Group 1155 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 USA Voice: 940-565-2000 http://advising.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. untadvising@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? urcm@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 8, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 