 advising   building your degree Building Your Degree Advising  advising   building your degree Building Your Degree Advising  advising   building your degree Building Your Degree Advising  advising   building your degree Building Your Degree Advising  advising   building your degree Building Your Degree Advising  advising   building your degree Building Your Degree Advising  advising   building your degree Building Your Degree Advising  advising   building your degree Building Your Degree Advising  advising   building your degree Building Your Degree Advising  advising   building your degree Building Your Degree Advising   Building Your Degree | Advising @ UNT Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Advising @ UNT Home Getting Started About Advising Building Your Degree Signing Up for Class Campus Resources Paying for College About Your GPA Dropping a Class Class Concierge Campus Resources Find My Advisor Plan My Class Schedule Calculate My GPA Building Your Degree   Majors @ UNT Choosing A Major About Your Degree Types of Degrees University Core UNT Requirements   Need more help? Home UNT is a student-focused public research university offering 101 bachelor's, 82 master's and 38 doctoral degrees in 12 colleges and schools.  A bachelor’s degree shows you have completed coursework and met the requirements of a specialized curriculum. Your degree is completed when you have met all of the requirements, taken the right courses in the correct sequence, earned enough semester credit hours and earned the appropriate grades. Navigating your way through college means learning the basics needed to understand and progress through your academic career. UNT also offers a wide variety of graduate-level master’s, professional, and doctoral degree programs and academic certificates through the Toulouse School of Graduate Studies, the UNT Health Science Center, and UNT Dallas College of Law. Learn more about the faculty, research, and related academic resources for our 120 graduate degree programs and 50 graduate academic certificates. Contact Us: UNT Senior Advisor Group 1155 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 USA Voice: 940-565-2000 http://advising.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. untadvising@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? urcm@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 8, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 