 healthcenter   immunization requirements Immunization Requirements Division of Student Affairs healthcenter   immunization requirements Immunization Requirements Division of Student Affairs healthcenter   immunization requirements Immunization Requirements Division of Student Affairs healthcenter   immunization requirements Immunization Requirements Division of Student Affairs healthcenter   immunization requirements Immunization Requirements Division of Student Affairs healthcenter   immunization requirements Immunization Requirements Division of Student Affairs healthcenter   immunization requirements Immunization Requirements Division of Student Affairs healthcenter   immunization requirements Immunization Requirements Division of Student Affairs healthcenter   immunization requirements Immunization Requirements Division of Student Affairs healthcenter   immunization requirements Immunization Requirements Division of Student Affairs  Immunization Requirements | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Student Health and Wellness Center » Home About Us » About Us Hours Location & Parking Staff Appointments Services » Services Primary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education Administrative » Administrative Billing and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Student Health and Wellness Center Home About UsHours Location & Parking Staff Appointments ServicesPrimary Care Specialty Ancillary Other Health Services Pharmacy Health Education AdministrativeBilling and Insurance Health Center Pricing Medical Insurance for International Students Medical Records Resources Guides Contact DSA Home Immunization Requirements Meningitis Effective October 1, 2013, the following changes to the meningitis requirement are: Students 22 years of age or older are not required to submit evidence of meningococcal meningitis vaccination. Affidavit forms for exceptions to vaccination for reasons of conscience, such as religious or philosophical belief can only be issued by the Texas Department of State Health Services (DSHS). The exception form from DSHS must be signed and notarized no more than 90 days prior to the first day of classes to be valid. All new students, including transfer students, must show evidence of receipt of an initial bacterial meningitis vaccination (meningococcal meningitis vaccine) dose or booster in the last five years and at least ten days prior to the first day of the semester in which the student initially enrolls. This law also applies to any student returning to school after a break in enrollment for a fall or spring semester. Students are not required to submit evidence of vaccination if they are twenty-two years of age or older or enrolled for online courses only.  Students who plan to enroll for exclusively online courses only should complete the Meningitis Online Class Petition and submit it to the UNT Registrar's Office. If a student who has previously enrolled for online only courses subsequently enrolls for and attends any class or portion of a class on campus, they must submit evidence of vaccination as above. More information about bacterial meningitis is available at the meningitis page.  For any questions regarding the Meningitis Vaccine please refer to the Meningitis FAQ. Students, parents, and guardians have the right to seek an exemption to this requirement. Exemption will only be permitted based on evidence that the bacterial meningitis vaccine would be injurious to a student's health and well-being according to the professional opinion of a physician who is duly registered and licensed to practice medicine in the United States, or if the student has refused the vaccination based on a conscientious objection, including religion. Download the Bacterial Meningitis Immunization Medical Exemption Affidavit from our Forms page. Exemptions from Immunizations for Reasons of Conscience can only be requested through the Texas Department of State Health Services. Immunizations are available from the UNT Student Health and Wellness Center, personal physician or a local Health Department. The immunization documentation can be attached to the Bacterial Meningitis Immunization form using Option 1 or your health care provider can complete the form using Option 2. Click Here to view and download The Bacterial Meningitis Immunization form. The following is acceptable evidence of vaccination or receiving a booster dose: The signature or stamp of a physician or their designee, or public health person on a form which shows the month, day and year the vaccination dose or booster was administered. An official immunization record generated from a state or local health authority An official record received from school officials, including a record from another state Requirement Deadlines If you were attending classes at UNT or UNT Dallas during the Fall 2016 semester, proof of immunization against bacterial meningitis is not required for Spring 2017 semester. New students, returning students, and continuing students not enrolled for Fall 2016 and who are under 22 years of age as of the first class day for the session or term they wish to enroll, should provide proof of a bacterial meningitis vaccination or exemption no later than 5:00 PM on the last day of regular registration. Students will be allowed to enroll prior to submitting the documents. However, classes will be canceled after 5:00 PM on the last day of regular registration for any student who has not submitted the proper documentation. Spring 2017 The last day to receive the immunization and enroll in classes without requesting an extension is January 7, 2016 for Spring 2017. Students who receive a vaccination after this date must submit a request for extension with documentation of immunization to be considered for enrollment. The submission deadline for processing of proof of vaccination will be January 12, 2016 for Spring 2016. A student will be allowed to enroll late only if the proper immunization form is filed with the appropriate UNT Department (see Submitting Documentation ﻿below). Summer 2017 The last day to receive the immunization and enroll in classes without requesting an extension is May 5, 2017 for 3 Week, and 8 Week sessions, May 26, 2017 for 5 Week 1 and 10 Week sessions, and June 30, 2017 for 5 Week 2. Students who receive a vaccination after these dates must submit a request for extension with documentation of immunization to be considered for enrollment. The submission deadline for processing of proof of vaccination will be May 12, 2017 for 3 Week and 8 Week sessions, June 2, 2017 for 5 Week 1 and 10 Week sessions, and July 7, 2017 for 5 Week 2 session. A student will be allowed to enroll late only if the proper immunization form is filed with the appropriate UNT Department (see Submitting Documentation below). Fall 2017 The last day to receive the immunization and enroll in classes without requesting an extension is August 18, 2017. Students who receive a vaccination after this date must submit a request for extension with documentation of immunization to be considered for enrollment. The submission deadline for processing of proof of vaccination will be August 18, 2017. A student will be allowed to enroll late only if the proper immunization form is filed with the appropriate UNT Department (see Submitting Documentation below). Submitting Documentation Immunization documentation may be submitted to UNT electronically, through the U.S. Postal Service, or delivered by hand to the following offices: New Undergrad & Transfer Students International Students New-Former Grad Students Returning Undergraduates Office of Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203 unt.immrec@unt.edu Phone: 940-565-2681 Office of Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203 unt.immrec@unt.edu Phone: 940-565-2681 Office of Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203 unt.immrec@unt.edu Phone: 940-565-2681 Registrar's Office 1st floor Eagle Student Services Center 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203 registrar@unt.edu Fax: 940-565-4463 Phone: 940-565-2378   Intensive English Language Institute (IELI) Students All new IELI students, including transfer students, must show evidence of receipt of an initial bacterial meningitis vaccination (meningococcal meningitis vaccine) dose or booster in the last five years and at least ten days prior to the first day of the term in which the student initially enrolls. This also applies to any IELI student returning to UNT after a break in enrollment for a fall or spring semester. This requirement does not apply to any student who will be twenty-two years of age or older on or prior to the first day of classes for the term in which they initially enroll. Click Here to view and download The Bacterial Meningitis Immunization Form. Requirement Deadlines for IELI Students If you were attending IELI classes at UNT during Fall I and/or Fall II 2016 sessions, proof of immunization against bacterial meningitis is not required for Spring I 2017. Spring I 2017: The last day to receive the immunization and enroll in classes without requesting an extension is January 7, 2017. Students who receive vaccination after January 7, 2017 must submit a request for extension. The final deadline to submit proof of vaccination will be January 17, 2017. Spring II 2017: The last day to receive the immunization and enroll in classes without requesting an extension is March 11, 2017. Students who receive vaccination after March 11, 2017 must submit a request for extension. The final deadline to submit proof of vaccination will be March 21, 2017. Summer 2017: The last day to receive the immunization and enroll in classes without requesting an extension is May 26, 2017. Students who receive vaccination after May 26, 2017 must submit a request for extension. The final deadline to submit proof of vaccination will be May 30, 2017. Fall I 2017: The last day to receive the immunization and enroll in classes without requesting an extension is August 18, 2017. Students who receive vaccination after August 18, 2017 must submit a request for extension. The final deadline to submit proof of vaccination will be August 22, 2017. Fall II 2017: The last day to receive the immunization and enroll in classes without requesting an extension is October 13, 2017. Students who receive vaccination after October 13, 2017 must submit a request for extension. The final deadline to submit proof of vaccination will be October 17, 2017. Immunization documentation for IELI students may be submitted to UNT electronically, through the U.S. Postal Service, or delivered by hand to: Office of Admissions 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, TX 76203 unt.immrec@unt.edu Phone: 940-565-2681 For any questions regarding the Meningitis Vaccine: Meningitis FAQ Recommended Vaccinations Even though the bacterial meningitis vaccination is the only required immunization, the University of North Texas Student Health and Wellness Center (SHWC) recommends that all students have current immunizations for polio, diphtheria, pertussis, tetanus, rubella, mumps, and measles. Consideration should also be given to vaccination against hepatitis A, hepatitis B, and varicella. For questions please email shwc-immz@unt.edu or fax your questions to 940-369-7042. No phone calls please. Tuberculosis Screening Requirement for High Risk Students The University requires all incoming International and Intensive English Language Institute (IELI) students who are considered to be at high risk for tubercular disease, as defined by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to be screened for tuberculosis (TB). High risk students must be screened and/or tested for TB within the first three (3) weeks, after the 12th class day, of their first term of study on the UNT campus. To begin the process, review the Tuberculosis Screening Process on our Forms page. Students can download the Tuberculosis Screening Record from Our Forms Page. Students may provide documentation to Student Health and Wellness Center (SHWC) verifying that they were tested for TB on a previous date and report the results of his or her TB test. Documentation for the TB test will be accepted only if it is completed in the United States within the six (6) months prior to the first day of the student's first term of study at the University. The documentation must be validated with the signature and stamp/seal of a physician or authorized official and provide clear documentation of the date given and date read. Any high risk student who fails to meet TB requirements will have a registration block placed on his or her account by UNT International. The student may remain in classes for the first term of study; however, he or she will be unable to register for classes until the TB screening and/or testing process is complete.       Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 