 advising   class concierge Class Concierge Advising  advising   class concierge Class Concierge Advising  advising   class concierge Class Concierge Advising  advising   class concierge Class Concierge Advising  advising   class concierge Class Concierge Advising  advising   class concierge Class Concierge Advising  advising   class concierge Class Concierge Advising  advising   class concierge Class Concierge Advising  advising   class concierge Class Concierge Advising  advising   class concierge Class Concierge Advising   Class Concierge | Advising @ UNT Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Advising @ UNT Home Getting Started About Advising Building Your Degree Signing Up for Class Campus Resources Paying for College About Your GPA Dropping a Class Class Concierge Campus Resources Find My Advisor Plan My Class Schedule Calculate My GPA Class Concierge Home Are you a senior experiencing course scheduling roadblocks? The Class Concierge is here to help! How we can help you: If you’re a senior (90 or more hours) experiencing course scheduling roadblocks that may impact your timely graduation, then the Class Concierge service is here for you. The Class Concierge will work on your behalf with your academic advisor, UNT departments and your college or school on matters such as time conflicts between required courses or waitlisted required courses. UNT is dedicated to helping you earn your bachelor’s degree.   Before requesting assistance: Complete all required prerequisite courses Meet with your academic advisor to discuss your situation Complete the Application for Assistance and email it to the Class Concierge You'll be contacted by phone or email within three business days. If you know other seniors who could benefit from this service, please spread the word. We want our students to achieve their dreams with a UNT degree.   Contact information: ClassConcierge@unt.eduSage Hall, room 313 Contact Us: UNT Senior Advisor Group 1155 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 USA Voice: 940-565-2000 http://advising.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. untadvising@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? urcm@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 8, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 