s advising   node 1757 Advisor of the Year Award Advising s advising   node 1757 Advisor of the Year Award Advising s advising   node 1757 Advisor of the Year Award Advising s advising   node 1757 Advisor of the Year Award Advising s advising   node 1757 Advisor of the Year Award Advising s advising   node 1757 Advisor of the Year Award Advising s advising   node 1757 Advisor of the Year Award Advising s advising   node 1757 Advisor of the Year Award Advising s advising   node 1757 Advisor of the Year Award Advising s advising   node 1757 Advisor of the Year Award Advising   Advisor of the Year Award | Advising @ UNT Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Advising @ UNT Home Getting Started About Advising Building Your Degree Signing Up for Class Campus Resources Paying for College About Your GPA Dropping a Class Class Concierge Campus Resources Find My Advisor Plan My Class Schedule Calculate My GPA Advisor of the Year Award   Need more help? Home Has an academic advisor made a significant difference in helping you reach your educational goals? Nominate your academic advisor today for the second annual Advisor of the Year Award! Some characterisics of outstandng advising include, but are not limited to: Demonstrates a caring, helpful attitude Provides accurate information regarding university academic requirements Is knowledgeable on UNT policies and procedures Supports your development through advising Nominations are currently being accepted! The deadline to submit a nomination is Friday, May 5th by 5pm. Click here to Nominate Your Advisor(s) Now! A committee comprised of student services professionals and administrators will review the nominations to select the award recipient. Decisions will be based on the quality and quantity of the nominations. Who will it be? YOU decide! Contact Us: UNT Senior Advisor Group 1155 Union Circle Denton, TX 76203 USA Voice: 940-565-2000 http://advising.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. untadvising@unt.edu Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? urcm@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on May 8, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 