s registrar   transcripts and records residency information Residency Information Registrars registrar   transcripts and records residency information Residency Information Registrars registrar   transcripts and records residency information Residency Information Registrars registrar   transcripts and records residency information Residency Information Registrars registrar   transcripts and records residency information Residency Information Registrars registrar   transcripts and records residency information Residency Information Registrars registrar   transcripts and records residency information Residency Information Registrars registrar   transcripts and records residency information Residency Information Registrars registrar   transcripts and records residency information Residency Information Registrars registrar   transcripts and records residency information Residency Information Registrar  Residency Information | Registrar Search Search this site: Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Home For Students For Faculty and Staff For Parents Services About Us   Registration Transcripts and Records Residency InformationIndependent Individual Basing Residency on Self Student Basing Residency on Parent Student Basing Residency on Spouse Non-U.S. Citizen Basing Residency on Self Non-U.S. Citizen Basing Residency on Parent Grades Exams Graduation and Diplomas Veterans and Military Home » Residency InformationResidency Information The following information is for new, former, and continuing Students. Admissions Contact If you are a new student who has never attended classes at the University of North Texas, and feel your residency status is incorrect, please contact the Office of Undergraduate Admissions, Eagle Student Services Center, Room 305, 940-565-2681, or the Toulouse School of Graduate Studies, Eagle Student Services Center, Room 354, 940-565-2383. Things to Remember There must be conclusive evidence of the student’s intent to permanently establish his/her domicile in Texas. Domicile meaning to live and maintain gainful employment in the State of Texas. A person wishing to change their residency status must show that they have domiciled in the state of Texas for 12 months or more prior to the semester in which they are applying. It is the student’s responsibility to determine if the guidelines are in effect when applying for residency. In-state reclassification is not granted on a retroactive basis. Deadlines In order to update a student’s residency status for a semester, students must meet all requirements, submit the Core Residency Questions and submit all necessary supporting documentation prior to the official census date of the semester for which they are applying.  Meeting residency requirements or submitting documentation after a census date will result in residency reclassification being considered for a future semester. Reclassification A person who has enrolled in an institution of higher education prior to domiciling in the state for 12 months and who has been classified as a non-resident upon first enrollment in an institution of higher education is presumed to be a non-resident for the period during which he/she continues as a student. However, after residing in the state for 12 consecutive months, the student may apply for reclassification as a resident for tuition purposes provided unequivocal proof of establishment of domicile in Texas can be provided. Materials to the determination of the establishment of a domicile in Texas are: business or personal facts or actions unequivocally indicative of a fixed intention to reside permanently in the state (see “Documentation to Support Domicile and Residency.pdf” below). The student must complete a set of Core Residency Questions and provide supporting documentation. Any Core Residency Questions that are submitted without sufficient documentation is subject to denial. In-state reclassification is not granted on a retroactive basis. Documentation to Support Domicile and Residency (pdf) Applying for Residency Students who are classified as a “non-resident" must pay the out-of-state tuition rates prior to establishing Texas residency. Students can apply for residency based on one of the following: Independent Individual Basing Residency on Self Student Basing Residency on Parent Student Basing Residency on Spouse Non-U.S. Citizen Basing Residency on Self Non-U.S. Citizen Basing Residency on Parent For more information regarding Texas residency rules, please see the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board (THECB) Rules. Oklahoma Resident Tuition Rate The University of North Texas includes a tuition rate for residents of Oklahoma that is about half the cost of out-of-state tuition. For more information, please go to http://www.unt.edu/oklahomatuition/ For more information, please contact a Residency Counselor in the Registrar’s Office, Eagle Student Services Center, Room 209, 940-565-2748, as soon as possible to make certain that you understand the guidelines outlined below or to obtain additional information. It is the student's responsibility to determine if the above guidelines are in effect when applying for residency. In-state reclassification is not granted on a retroactive basis.   Registration Info Find Classes Get Advised   Registration GuidesSpring 2017 Summer 2017 Fall 2017 Academic Catalog View All Forms Instructions for using MyUNT and EIS   Contact Information: Office of the Registrar 1155 Union Circle #311400 Denton, TX 76203-1400 USA Voice: 940-565-2111 Visit Us: Eagle Student Services Building https://registrar.unt.edu/ Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. registrar@unt.edu UNT System: UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Site last updated on: April 19, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness 