 newcollege   professional development courses Professional Development New College at Frisco newcollege   professional development courses Professional Development New College at Frisco newcollege   professional development courses Professional Development New College at Frisco newcollege   professional development courses Professional Development New College at Frisco newcollege   professional development courses Professional Development New College at Frisco newcollege   professional development courses Professional Development New College at Frisco newcollege   professional development courses Professional Development New College at Frisco newcollege   professional development courses Professional Development New College at Frisco newcollege   professional development courses Professional Development New College at Frisco newcollege   professional development courses Professional Development New College at Frisco  Professional Development | New College at Frisco Skip to main content New College at Frisco Call us Email Us UNT Map HomeCourse OfferingsBusiness of Sports ManagementCommunication StudiesCriminal JusticeElementary EducationGame ProgrammingJournalismLearning TechnologiesPsychologyRecreation, Event & Sport ManagementUrban StudiesInteraction and User Experience Design (Master's)Data Analytics (Master's)Marketing Analytics (M.B.A.)Sports Management (M.B.A.)Educational Leadership (Ph.D./Ed.D.)Current CoursesProfessional DevelopmentRegistrationLocationPartnershipsContact UsPopular linksBackApply NowTake a TourGet More InfoTalk with UsGet SocialFor Parents University of North Texas New College at Frisco Search form Search Search MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map UNT Calendar Jobs at UNT Give to UNT Home Course OfferingsBusiness of Sports Management Communication Studies Criminal Justice Elementary Education Game Programming Journalism Learning Technologies Psychology Recreation, Event & Sport Management Urban Studies Interaction and User Experience Design (Master's) Data Analytics (Master's) Marketing Analytics (M.B.A.) Sports Management (M.B.A.) Educational Leadership (Ph.D./Ed.D.) Current Courses Professional Development Registration Location Partnerships Contact Us MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map UNT Calendar Jobs at UNT Give to UNT Search form Search Search Home Course Offerings Current Courses Professional Development Registration Location Partnerships Contact Us You are hereHomeProfessional Development Professional DevelopmentADVANCE in your career UNT's New College at Frisco offers professional development courses tailored to working professionals that help you build skill sets, learn more about industry trends, get career training or gain knowledge in a new area. From certification courses to boot camps, the New College’s professional development courses focus on practical knowledge and hands-on experience to give you the competitive edge in your career. Spring 2017 Courses Visualization Analytics Boot Camp Do you to want  to learn how to build analytical models and create visualizations like dashboards or scorecards using data? Learn how in a one-day Visualization Analytics Boot Camp offered by the Department of Information Technology & Decision Sciences in UNT's College of Business. This boot camp is designed for working professionals who want to learn how to use their company’s data to create performance dashboards and other visual outputs. Although many companies provide basic visualization tools, decision-makers often have need to create additional visualizations of the data.  This boot camp will cover the basics of building analytical models and creating visualizations using  modern front-end software to access data stored in your companies’ data warehouses. You'll learn how to use Tableau, a widely used development tool in business analytics today. Although not every company uses Tableau, the boot camp will provide the basic knowledge and skill set that can be applied to a number of tools. Shailesh Kulkarni, professor of decision sciences, will teach the boot camp. He teaches analytics and modeling at both the undergraduate and graduate levels, and is the creator and instructor for the semester-long visualization master's course. When: 9 a.m. to 3 p.m., April 7, 2017 Where: Room 161 at UNT's New College at Frisco Cost: $800 per person. Contact Mary.Jones@unt.edu by March 20 be placed on a registration list. Info about the course: For more information about the topics covered, contact Shailesh.Kulkarni@unt.edu. UNT Open Access Symposium: Making Use of Public Data It's easier than ever to gather datasets, documents, analytics, and other types of data and use these for academic research, competitive intelligence, and advocacy. While the government provides data of great value to citizens, companies, and organizations, currently much of the web and social media is also publicly available, providing additional sources of data that have been used, sometimes contrary to the intentions of content creators. This year's UNT Open Access Symposium 2017 will examine issues arising from the creation, harvesting, and analysis of public data—and decision-making based on the data — taking a broad view of what kinds of data are “public.” When:  Info coming soon Where:  UNT's New College at Frisco Cost: Registration is now open. The symposium website also includes a nearly final program, plus information on travel and accommodation and on child care. Early registration closes April 30.  Learn more: http://openaccess.unt.edu/symposium/2017 Fall 2017 Courses UX and IX Design Lecture + Workshop Series UNT’s College of Visual Arts and Design and the New College in Frisco have teamed up to bring in three internationally acclaimed UXD and IXD speakers and workshop facilitators to operate its inaugural “Night-&-Day” lecture + workshop series in May and June of 2017. These two-day events will help make you a better User Experience Designer in just a weekend. Each uniquely themed Friday night lecture will run from 7 to 8:30 p.m. and will be followed by a day-long workshop dedicated to furthering participants’ skills and knowledge of the topic introduced the night before. Deconstructing Delight : World-renowned User Experience Design consultant and entrepreneur Jared Spool will facilitate the lecture + workshop.  When:  Info coming soon Where:  UNT's New College at Frisco Cost: $725 for the workshop, $15 for the lecture  Learn more: https://uxix-events.unt.edu/ Storytelling for User Experience: Broadly acclaimed Usability and User Experience consultant and author Whitney Quesenber will facilitate the lecture + workshop.  When:  Info coming soon Where:  UNT's New College at Frisco Cost: $725 for the workshop, $15 for the lecture Learn more: https://uxix-events.unt.edu/ Mapping User Experience: Eminent Mapping and Diagramming expert Jim Kalbach will facilitate the lecture + workshop.  When:  Info coming soon Where:  UNT's New College at Frisco Cost: $725 for the workshop, $15 for the lecture Learn more: https://uxix-events.unt.edu/ Learn more about current courses at the New College Learn more about the New College course offerings Top Main Menu Home Course Offerings Current Courses Professional Development Registration Location Partnerships Contact Us University Links MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map UNT Calendar Jobs at UNT Give to UNT Email & Phone  urcm@unt.edu  972-668-7100 New College at Frisco   Find UNT on Google Maps   1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information Call us Email Us UNT Map Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links 