s news   category news release categories engineering Engineering News s news   category news release categories engineering Engineering News s news   category news release categories engineering Engineering News s news   category news release categories engineering Engineering News s news   category news release categories engineering Engineering News s news   category news release categories engineering Engineering News s news   category news release categories engineering Engineering News s news   category news release categories engineering Engineering News s news   category news release categories engineering Engineering News s news   category news release categories engineering Engineering News   Engineering | News| University of North Texas Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT News News by TopicArts & Music Business Education Engineering General News Humanities Public Service Research Science Social Science TAMS Image Gallery Video Gallery Our Experts Contact Us Send your stories Engineering UNT receives funding for first of its kind machine 05/08/2017 - 12:42pm The University of North Texas will soon be home to a rare piece of equipment. The Army Research Office has agreed to fund $417,000 for a custom built multi-physics materials processing machine to help the Department of Materials Science and Engineering in the College of Engineering. From digital data to knowledge: UNT researcher receives NSF CAREER award 04/19/2017 - 9:35am Cornelia Caragea, an assistant professor at the University of North Texas College of Engineering, has received the National Science Foundation CAREER Award for her work in machine learning, data mining and information retrieval.  UNT now has 13 researchers who have been awarded a National Science Foundation CAREER award – the most prestigious recognition offered by the NSF for young researchers.  UNT computer science: 45 years of changing lives and technology 04/17/2017 - 2:19pm For decades, the University of North Texas has helped lead the way in computer science. UNT’s program is one of the oldest in the nation, turning 45 this year. To commemorate that anniversary, the College of Engineering will host a dinner reception at Apogee Stadium on April 28 (Friday) starting at 6 p.m. Tickets to the event cost $10. That evening, current students and returning alumni will be celebrated. Alumni like Willie Barber, Greg Thurman and Tyseanah Spell, who together, tell the enduring story of UNT’s computer science program. UNT professor creates coating that reduces glass reflection 04/13/2017 - 8:34am Glass reflection is the source of many problems and frustrations, but a professor at the University of North Texas has discovered a solution. Diana Berman, a materials science professor in the College of Engineering, has created a simple coating with the potential to have a major impact and her work has just been published in the online journal ACS Nano. UNT professor helping visually impaired students learn computer science 04/10/2017 - 1:07pm When you use a computer you typically read an article, watch a video or access information from a graph. These may seem like simple tasks, but to a person who is visually impaired, these tasks can be challenging. One University of North Texas professor knows these challenges all too well. Stephanie Ludi works in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering. She is also visually impaired.    Brothers journey from Jordan in pursuit of Ph.D. at UNT 04/06/2017 - 11:50am It’s hard to miss the striking resemblance between Omar and Khaled Almahmoud, but their similarities don’t stop on the surface. Right now the brothers are both at the University of North Texas – both are working on doctoral degrees and both are studying mechanical and energy engineering. UNT student creates device aimed at helping those with arthritic knees walk easier 03/29/2017 - 11:39am  A University of North Texas graduate student is taking a step towards making exoskeletons available to help more people. UNT institute part of a $20 million grant to research new ways to keep soldiers safe 03/08/2017 - 9:28am An institute with the University of North Texas’s College of Engineering is part of a new cooperative agreement established by the Army Research Laboratory. The Advanced Materials and Manufacturing Processes Institute will be working with three other universities to research new ways to keep soldiers safe.  UNT students/veterans helping create next generation of Army tactical shelters 02/27/2017 - 11:35am For about the past 30 years, the U.S. Army has used the same tactical shelters for their soldiers. Now, the University of North Texas is part of a collaboration with a goal of making the next generation of those shelters, and two Army veterans who are College of Engineering students will be key in making it happen. Strengthening Walls, Saving Lives 02/21/2017 - 3:28pm Hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes – it seems almost every week a deadly natural disaster is reported in the news. Now researchers at the University of North Texas are working to help create walls that will stand up to those disasters, with hopes of saving homes and lives. 1 2 3 4 next › last » Follow us Visit Us University Service Building 2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2000 news_service@unt.edu Site last updated on May 9, 2017 Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home 