 studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation pre orientation Pre Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation pre orientation Pre Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation pre orientation Pre Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation pre orientation Pre Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation pre orientation Pre Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation pre orientation Pre Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation pre orientation Pre Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation pre orientation Pre Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation pre orientation Pre Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation pre orientation Pre Orientation Division of Student Affairs  Pre-Orientation | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Pre-Orientation Freshman Pre-Orientation Homework  Prior to attending orientation, all new freshman are asked to complete pre-orientation homework to explore personal traits, interests and skills, and select a major. Although we realize some of you have already selected a major, this process can also help confirm your choice. Pre-Orientation Homework will be available to new freshman students beginning May 1.  Log on to Blackboard Learn at learn.unt.edu with your EUID (example: abc1234) and password. On the top menu bar, select "organizations" and then your pre-orientation homework should be visible. Your homework is due before your orientation session. Students are uploaded to the Pre-Orientation Homework site on a weekly basis beginning Monday, May 1. ENGAGE ENGAGE is an assessment that measures personal and academic skills necessary for success in college. All freshman students need to complete this survey PRIOR to checking in for orientation. This survey is a simple way for us to understand how you are feeling about starting college at UNT this fall. As you respond to the survey, be honest; there are no right or wrong responses. Transfer Toolkit - (available May 1) Prior to attending orientation, all new transfer students are asked to complete online modules through Blackboard Learn called the Transfer Toolkit. These modules will help you explore personal interests and skills, and feel confident in your major selection. Although we realize that transfer students are entering UNT with some college experience, we want to make sure your transition to our university is seamless. Log on to Blackboard Learn at learn.unt.edu with your EUID (example: abc1234) and password. On the top menu bar, select “organizations” and then your Transfer Toolkit should be visible. It is recommended that you complete the Transfer Toolkit modules before your orientation session. Texas Success Initiative — State Requirements  The Texas Success Initiative (TSI) is a state statute requiring all undergraduate students - new students, transfer students, and international students - who enter a Texas public institution of higher education to either: (A) Demonstrate readiness for college level reading, writing, and mathematics before enrolling in college level academic coursework by achieving the statutory threshold(s) on the state approved readiness assessment or (B) Meet one of the conditions for exemption from the testing requirement. Students must satisfy all TSI requirements before receiving a baccalaureate degree. Students who do not meet TSI requirements must complete developmental coursework to attain TSI compliance. All first-year and transfer students coming into the University of North Texas must have completed TSI testing or have a documented exemption before registering for classes. Your registration will be delayed if TSI status cannot be determined before your orientation session. Exemptions: Students are exempt from readiness testing if any of these exemption categories apply. If you are TSI Exempt, please send appropriate documentation to the Learning Center. If Not Exempt: UNT only accepts scores from the TSI Assessment for assessment purposes. The state-approved TSI Assessment measures college-level readiness in reading, mathematics, and writing. Minimum score thresholds required to demonstrate college readiness in each subject area. Learning Center University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305038 Denton, TX 76203-5217 Phone: 940.369.7006  Fax: 940.369.8394 Email: tsi@unt.edu Placement Testing  Math Placement  The Department of Mathematics will not place students into courses at or above the level of Calculus I (Math 1710) without prerequisite credit. Some examples of prerequisite credit include: scores of 3 or better on the Calculus AB or BC Advanced Placement Exam, a score of 5 or better on the higher-level IB mathematics exam, and dual credit in mathematics courses with Texas Common Course Numbers: Math 2312 or 2412.  If you would like to take Calculus I as your initial course and do not have prior prerequisite credit, you will be required to take the placement assessment. If your major requires Calculus I, then you are strongly encouraged to take the placement assessment. You are expected to take the online Pearson MyMathTest (MMT) prior to coming to your orientation session. Doing this is important for students majoring in Math, Engineering, Science, Economics (BS) and who need to start with Calculus I (Math 1710) or a Business major who needs Business Calculus (Math 1190). You will find how to access the test and other important information about the placement assessment on the Math Department's website. Go to: www.math.unt.edu, under 'Courses and Schedules' select 'Math Placement'. More information can be found on your Pre-Orientation Homework at learn.unt.edu  Visit the Math Department website for more information about Math Placement. Math Courses by Major (pdf) Foreign Language Placement and Exam for Credit  Students taking the Foreign Language Placement Exam may earn up to 12 hours of foreign language credit. The exam may be taken only once per language. Many degrees at UNT require some level of proficiency in a foreign language. Review your degree requirements at catalog.unt.edu to see if a foreign language is required.  Exams for placement and/or credit are offered in Arabic, Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Latin, Russian, and Spanish. The foreign language placement/credit exam will be available each orientation session. For more information, contact the Department of World Languages and Literatures at 940-565-2404. Music Meeting During Orientation  All students who are not music majors but are interested in being involved with the College of Music during their time at UNT should plan to attend the music session during orientation to find out more about music minors, music classes for non music majors, auditioning for any of the performance groups, and the possibility of taking private lessons for the fall semester. We will also have information on applying and auditioning to be a music major available at this meeting. This session will be the morning of day 3. Students who have successfully auditioned for the College of Music do not attend this session. Anyone considering auditioning for a band, choir, or orchestra should also attend this session at this time. The information session will be available each orientation session. You will receive a schedule with specific times and locations at check in. AP Music Theory credit is not accepted at UNT; however, there are opportunities just prior to the beginning of the fall and spring semesters to receive credit by exam for Theory 1, 2, and Aural Skills 1 and 2. Click here for more information. Orientation Pre-Orientation Freshman Orientation Transfer Orientation Graduate Orientation Spring Orientation Parent and Family (Guests) Español FAQs Orientation Team Members Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 