s news   contacts Contacts News s news   contacts Contacts News s news   contacts Contacts News s news   contacts Contacts News s news   contacts Contacts News s news   contacts Contacts News s news   contacts Contacts News s news   contacts Contacts News s news   contacts Contacts News s news   contacts Contacts News   Contacts | News| University of North Texas Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT News News by TopicArts & Music Business Education Engineering General News Humanities Public Service Research Science Social Science TAMS Image Gallery Video Gallery Our Experts Contact Us Send your stories Contacts Deborah Leliaert (940) 565-2108 deborah.leliaert@unt.edu Deborah reports to UNT’s president, collaborating with fellow members of the President’s Cabinet and leaders from virtually every area on campus to enhance and protect UNT’s reputation and image. She serves as the chief university spokesperson in public forums, and carries chief responsibility for the effectiveness of the university’s communications, branding, marketing, crisis and issues management, and media and visitor relations. Deborah works directly with the members of URCM’s leadership team (our associate vice president, assistant vice president and four unit directors) to keep the division nimble, responsive and adaptive to changing internal and external communications environments, opportunities and technologies. Kelley Reese (940) 565-3993 kelley.reese@unt.edu Kelley is responsible for leading the development and implementation of UNT’s messaging (or non-graphic brand expression). She oversees several teams that are responsible for promoting and protecting the university’s image and reputation through strategic internal and external communication, including advertising, news promotion and public relations, the University’s serial publications, and photography and videography. Kelley also plays a key role in university crisis management and in general, she personally manages issues that arise regarding governmental relations, the president and executive cabinet, and the UNT System Board of Regents. Julie Payne (940) 565-4892 julie.payne@unt.edu Julie has primary responsibility for general inquiries about the university, including those related to UNT facilities, police, student affairs, policies, and equity and diversity. Amy Armstrong (940) 565-4835 Amy.Armstrong@unt.edu Amy has primary responsibility for the College of Education, College of Information, Department of Media Arts, Department of English, Department of Technical Communication, Department of World Languages, Literatures and Cultures, UNT-International, UNT Libraries, the Distinguished Lecture Series and the Fine Arts Series. Monique Bird (940) 369-7782 monique.bird@unt.edu Monique has primary responsibility for the College of Business, College of Merchandising Hospitality and Tourism, department of Economics in the College of Arts and Sciences, the Student Money Management Center, the Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment and Redesign (CLEAR), and the Center for Achievement and Lifelong Learning (CALL). Nancy Kolsti (940) 565-3509 nancy.kolsti@unt.edu Nancy has primary responsibility for the Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism, College of Health and Public Service, Honors College, most of the humanities and social science departments in the College of Arts and Sciences and Women’s Studies Program. She also oversees URCM’s experts database and “hometown news” coverage of student achievements. Tanya O'Neil (940) 565-2943 Tanya.O'neil@unt.edu Tanya has primary responsibility for the College of Engineering, and the math and science departments in the College of Arts and Sciences, and Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science (TAMS). Courtney Taylor (940) 369-7912 courtney.taylor@unt.edu Courtney has primary responsibility for the College of Music, College of Visual Arts and Design, Department of Dance and Theatre and the Institute for the Advancement of the Arts at UNT on the Square. Follow us Visit Us University Service Building 2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2000 news_service@unt.edu Site last updated on May 9, 2017 Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home 