 studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation freshman orientation Freshman Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation freshman orientation Freshman Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation freshman orientation Freshman Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation freshman orientation Freshman Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation freshman orientation Freshman Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation freshman orientation Freshman Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation freshman orientation Freshman Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation freshman orientation Freshman Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation freshman orientation Freshman Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation freshman orientation Freshman Orientation Division of Student Affairs  Freshman Orientation | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Freshman Orientation About Freshman Orientation  Congratulations on your acceptance to the University of North Texas, and welcome to the Class of 2021! We are proud that you have chosen to become a member of our growing UNT family! In order to assist you with your transition to UNT, all new students are required to attend an orientation session. Orientation is a 3-day experience designed to help students and families become acclimated to the university. During orientation, you will have the chance to meet with faculty and staff, meet your new classmates, connect with current students, learn about university resources, and receive academic advising in preparation for registering for classes. You will leave orientation understanding our university's spirit and traditions, as well as what to expect as you embark on your college experience. Freshman Orientation Details Dates Freshman Orientation 1 Sunday, June 11 - Tuesday, June 13, 2017 - session full Freshman Orientation 2 Wednesday, June 14 - Friday, June 16, 2017 - session full Freshman Orientation 3 Sunday, June 18 - Tuesday, June 20, 2017 - session full Freshman Orientation 4 Wednesday, June 21 - Friday, June 23, 2017 - session full Freshman Orientation 5 Monday, June 26 - Wednesday, June 28, 2017 Freshman Orientation 6 Tuesday, July 11 - Thursday, July 13, 2017 Freshman Orientation 7 Monday, July 24 - Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Freshman Orientation 8 Wednesday, August 16 - Friday, August 18, 2017  Fee  The student orientation fee is non-refundable. This fee includes meals (dinner on Day 1 through lunch on Day 3), materials, t-shirt, staffing, administrative costs, and year-long orientation activities. Regular Orientation Registration Fee  $188.00 Late Orientation Registration Fee (after May 1) $208.00 NOTE: Orientation Fees are non-refundable.  To view our policy, visit our Frequently Asked Questions page. Housing Part of the orientation experience is staying in the residence halls. Orientation participants in sessions 1-7 will reside in Rawlins Hall and Clark Hall. Students attending orientation are required to spend both nights in the residence hall. Commuter students attending sessions 1-7 will be expected to stay in the orientation residence hall. Freshman Orientation 8 Housing is not provided for session 8. Students living on-campus will move in to their fall residence hall home on the first day of orientation. Students who will be commuting to and from campus in the fall will be expected to commute (or make other arrangements) during orientation. How to Register for Orientation  Online Over The Phone In Office To register for an orientation session, log in at my.unt.edu with your EUID and password. Once logged in, click Student Center, then Register for Orientation. You can register for orientation by making a payment over the phone. To do so, call our office at 940-565-4198.  You can also register for orientation by visiting the office of Orientation and Transition Programs in the University Union, Suite 377 (1155 Union Circle). NOTE: Payment arrangements for the orientation fee must be made at the time of registering for the session to secure your spot. Schedule at a Glance The schedule below is specific to Freshman Orientation. Exact session locations will be shared upon check-in for orientation. Day 1 Day 2 Day 3 Check-In (from 1:00pm - 3:00pm at the UNT Coliseum, Gate B - 600 Avenue D) Breakfast Breakfast Resource Fair Small Group Meeting 3 Small Group Meeting 5 Orientation Welcome College Success Sessions Placement Testing Math Placement Foreign Language Placement/ Credit Exam Small Group Meeting 1 Lunch Open Houses Dinner and Life on Campus presentation Introduction to Academic Planning Specialized Advising Pre-Health Pre-Law Music Meeting Small Group Meeting 2 Small Group Meeting 4 Lunch Playfair Dinner and Student Organization Fair Academic Advising   Get Connected Course Registration   Go Mean Green event     Dean of Students After Dark   Parking & Transportation  Individuals attending freshman orientation should park in the Eagle Lots 23 and 27 behind Maple Hall and across from Clark Hall, or Resident Lots 19 and 20 near Fouts Field. Please avoid Faculty/Staff spaces, reserved, metered, and garage parking. We recommend that you place your orientation confirmation card in the dashboard of your car to show proof of orientation registration. If you have misplaced your confirmation card, please print the confirmation email that will be sent the week leading up to your orientation session.  UNT Campus Parking Map Students driving to campus should refer to the Google Maps for driving directions. The office of Orientation and Transition Programs does not provide shuttles to and from the airport. Students flying into either DFW or Love Field airport are encouraged to make alternative arrangements. Disability Accommodations  Students who intend to register with the Office of Disability Accommodation (ODA) under the terms of ADA/504, or who request accommodations during their orientation session, should check the appropriate boxes on their orientation registration materials. In addition, please contact ODA two weeks prior to your orientation date by calling 940-565-4323, TTY callers 1-800-RELAY TX. Visit the ODA website at www.unt.edu/oda. Additional Resources  Freshman Orientation Booklet (pdf) Pre-Orientation Homework Freshman Orientation Packing List (pdf) Parking Map (pdf) Immunization Requirements ENGAGE survey Advising Guidebook Request Accommodations (example - Sign Language Interpreters) During Orientation for a Disability Orientation Pre-Orientation Freshman Orientation Transfer Orientation Graduate Orientation Spring Orientation Parent and Family (Guests) Español FAQs Orientation Team Members Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 