 news   news releases logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge Logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge News  news   news releases logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge Logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge News  news   news releases logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge Logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge News  news   news releases logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge Logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge News  news   news releases logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge Logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge News  news   news releases logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge Logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge News  news   news releases logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge Logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge News  news   news releases logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge Logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge News  news   news releases logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge Logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge News  news   news releases logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge Logistics entrepreneur launches  fundraising challenge News   Logistics entrepreneur launches UNT fundraising challenge | News| University of North Texas Skip to content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT News News by TopicArts & Music Business Education Engineering General News Humanities Public Service Research Science Social Science TAMS Image Gallery Video Gallery Our Experts Contact Us Send your stories Logistics entrepreneur launches UNT fundraising challenge Tuesday, May 9, 2017 - 15:59 Submitted by Monique Bird on Tue, 05/09/2017 - 4:02pm Category: Business General News DENTON (UNT), Texas -- A big fundraising challenge is underway for the University of North Texas logistics program thanks to William “Bill” LaMothe, PGL chairman of the board. LaMothe, a founding board member of the UNT program and longtime university supporter, will match donations to the logistics program, up to $50,000, from now until the start of UNT’s Annual Transportation Breakfast and Byron Nelson Open House. The breakfast is from 7:30 to 11 a.m. May 19 (Friday) at Big Brothers Big Sisters, 450 E. John Carpenter Freeway in Irving. Following the program, attendees are invited to the home of LaMothe for an afternoon of networking and access to the AT&T Byron Nelson Championship that weekend. Chuck Cooperstein, the radio play-by-play voice of the Dallas Mavericks on ESPN, will be the opening speaker. John Sharp, group president for TFD Group Companies, will deliver the keynote address. His presentation will describe the integration of new hardware and software technologies that can interpret data and report on product integrity for a wide range of goods, such as vaccines, electronics and food. Tickets for the transportation breakfast are $99 per individual or $699 for a table of eight. The event includes a silent auction. Register or donate by May 17 (Wednesday) at http://www.cob.unt.edu/logisticscenter/community/breakfast/scholarshipbreakfast.php/. For details, contact Julie.Willems-Espinoza@unt.edu or 940-369-8442.   UNT News Service Phone Number: (940) 565-2108 Contact: (940) 369-7782 Email: monique.bird@unt.edu Follow us Visit Us University Service Building 2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205 Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Contact Us 940-565-2000 news_service@unt.edu Site last updated on May 9, 2017 Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home 