 studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation transfer orientation Transfer Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation transfer orientation Transfer Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation transfer orientation Transfer Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation transfer orientation Transfer Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation transfer orientation Transfer Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation transfer orientation Transfer Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation transfer orientation Transfer Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation transfer orientation Transfer Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation transfer orientation Transfer Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation transfer orientation Transfer Orientation Division of Student Affairs  Transfer Orientation | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Transfer Orientation About Transfer Orientation  In order to assist you with your transition to UNT, all new students are required to attend an orientation session. For transfer students, orientation is a 1-day experience. All students are required to participate in all orientation activities. Plan to be on campus until 5:00 PM. Transfer Orientation Details Dates Early Eagle/ Summer 1 Friday, May 5, 2017 Transfer Drive-In 1/ Summer 2 Friday, June 2, 2017 - session closed for fall students Transfer Drive-In 2/ Summer 3 Thursday, July 6, 2017 Transfer Drive-In 3* Eagle Experience Friday, July 21, 2017 Eagle Experience begins Thursday, July 20 Transfer Drive-In 4 Friday, July 28, 2017 Transfer Drive-In 5* Friday, August 4, 2017 Transfer Drive-In 6 Thursday, August 10, 2017 Transfer Drive-In 7 Tuesday, August 15, 2017 Late Orientation Friday, August 25, 2017 *No Advising for College of Music Fee The student orientation fee is non-refundable. This fee includes meals (light breakfast and lunch), materials, t-shirt, staffing, administrative costs, and year-long orientation activities. Early Orientation Registration Fee (before July 1) $63.00 Regular Orientation Registration Fee (after July 1) $80.00 NOTE: Orientation Fees are non-refundable.  To view our policy, visit our Frequently Asked Questions page. Schedule at a Glance  Room locations below are specific to summer/fall orientation: Time Event Location 8:00 AM - 9:00 AM Orientation Check-In University Union 9:00 AM Orientation Welcome University Union 10:00 AM College and School Meetings various campus locations 12:00 PM - 1:30 PM Lunch University Union 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM College Success Sessions University Union, various rooms 1:30 PM College and School Meetings continued various campus locations 2:00 PM - 5:00 PM Course Registration computer lab locations (see flip chart) How to Register for Orientation  Online Over The Phone In Office To register for an orientation session, log in at my.unt.edu with your EUID and password. Once logged in, click Student Center, then Register for Orientation. You can register for orientation by making a payment over the phone. To do so, call our office at 940-565-4198.  You can also register for orientation by visiting the office of Orientation and Transition Programs in the University Union, Suite 377 (1155 Union Circle). NOTE: Payment arrangements for the orientation fee must be made at the time of registering for the session to secure your spot. Parking & Transportation  Individuals attending transfer orientation should park in Eagle Lots 39, 54 or 55. Do not park in reserved, metered, or garage parking. We recommend that you place your orientation confirmation card in the dashboard of your car to show proof of orientation registration. If you have misplaced your confirmation card, please print the confirmation email that will be sent the week leading up to your orientation session.  Students driving to campus should refer to the Google Maps for driving directions. The office of Orientation and Transition Programs does not provide shuttles to and from the airport. Students flying into either DFW or Love Field airport are encouraged to make alternative arrangements. Disability Accommodations  Students who intend to register with the Office of Disability Accommodation (ODA) under the terms of ADA/504, or who request accommodations during their orientation session, should check the appropriate boxes on their orientation registration materials. In addition, please contact ODA two weeks prior to your orientation date by calling 940-565-4323, TTY callers 1-800-RELAY TX. Visit the ODA website at www.unt.edu/oda. Eagle Experience - Thursday, July 20 - Friday, July 21, 2017 Eagle Experience is an overnight orientation for transfer students with 30 or less credit hours. This special orientation session gives students the opportunity to connect with campus and meet fellow transfers. Eagle Experience runs concurrently with Transfer Drive-In 3. Date Thursday, July 20 - Friday, July 21, 2017 Fee The fee for Eagle Experience is $95. Schedule at a Glance This is an overnight program. If you sign up to participate in Eagle Experience, you will be expected to stay the night in the Orientation residence hall. Thursday, July 20 Friday, July 21 3:00pm Check-In at Rawlins Hall 7:30am Breakfast at Bruce Dining Hall Welcome and program overview 8:10am travel to Transfer Drive-In 3 at University Union Small Group Meetings and Campus Tour The remainder of the day, students will follow the Transfer Drive-In 3 schedule. See additional Schedule at a Glance for Transfer Orientation above. Dinner   Get Connected Program   Evening Entertainment   Resources  Transfer Orientation Brochure (pdf) Summer Orientation Brochure (pdf) Transfer Guide Parking Map (pdf) Immunization Requirements Advising Guidebook Request Accommodations (Example - Sign Language Interpreters) During Orientation for a Disability   Orientation Pre-Orientation Freshman Orientation Transfer Orientation Graduate Orientation Spring Orientation Parent and Family (Guests) Español FAQs Orientation Team Members Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 