 studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation spring orientation Spring Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation spring orientation Spring Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation spring orientation Spring Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation spring orientation Spring Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation spring orientation Spring Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation spring orientation Spring Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation spring orientation Spring Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation spring orientation Spring Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation spring orientation Spring Orientation Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation spring orientation Spring Orientation Division of Student Affairs  Spring Orientation | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Spring Orientation Spring 2017 Orientation In order to assist you with your transition to UNT, all new students are required to attend an orientation session. For students admitted for the spring semester, orientation is a 1-day experience. All students are required to participate in all orientation activities. Plan to be on campus until 5:00 PM. Transient/Visiting Students Transient/visiting students are students attending UNT for a semester with plans to transfer those credits back to their home institution. All new transient/visiting students are expected to complete an online orientation module through Blackboard Learn. The module for spring transient/visiting students will open the morning of Early Eagle (Friday, December 9). Transient/visiting students should log on to learn.unt.edu with their campus EUID and password to access the online orientation module. Course registration will not be available for transient/visiting students until 6:00pm on Friday, December 9. Orientation Dates Early Eagle Friday, December 9, 2016 University Union (1155 Union Circle) Spring Drive-In 1 Friday, January 6, 2017 University Union (1155 Union Circle) Spring Drive-In 2 Tuesday, January 10, 2017 University Union (1155 Union Circle) Late Orientation Friday, January 13, 2017 University Union (1155 Union Circle)   Orientation Fee The fee for Spring Orientation is $63. This fee includes all materials, meals, a t-shirt, staffing, administrative costs, and year-long orientation activities. NOTE: Orientation Fees are non-refundable.  To view our policy, visit our Frequently Asked Questions page.   How to Register for Orientation To register for an orientation session, log in at http://my.unt.edu with your EUID and password. Once logged in, click Student Center, then Register for Orientation. Register early as sessions fill up quickly.   Schedule at a Glance Room locations below are specific to Spring Orientation. Time Event Location 8:00 AM - 9:00 AM Orientation Check-In University Union (1155 Union Circle) 9:00 AM Orientation Welcome University Union, Ballroom 314 10:00 AM College and School Meetings various campus locations 12:00 PM - 1:30 PM Lunch University Union, 2nd floor 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM College Success Sessions University Union, 3rd floor (various rooms) 1:30 PM College and School Meetings continued various campus locations 2:00 PM - 6:00 PM Course Registration computer lab locations (see flip chart)   Parking During Orientation Parking during orientation will be available on campus in Eagle-lots 40, 54, and 55.  Please make sure not to park in reserved or metered parking. Click here for the orientation map (pdf). Orientation Pre-Orientation Freshman Orientation Transfer Orientation Graduate Orientation Spring Orientation Parent and Family (Guests) Español FAQs Orientation Team Members Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 