 studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation parent and family Parent and Family Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation parent and family Parent and Family Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation parent and family Parent and Family Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation parent and family Parent and Family Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation parent and family Parent and Family Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation parent and family Parent and Family Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation parent and family Parent and Family Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation parent and family Parent and Family Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation parent and family Parent and Family Division of Student Affairs studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs programs orientation parent and family Parent and Family Division of Student Affairs  Parent and Family | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Parent and Family About Parent & Family Orientation  Parent & Family Orientation is a special program that runs concurrently with the student orientation program. The program is optional, but highly encouraged. Through this program, parents have the opportunity to learn about the many offices, services, academic programs UNT has to offer. While you and your student will have separate itineraries, you will be together several times throughout the experience. Due to the nature of our programs, parents will not be able to attend college meetings, advising sessions, and actual registration. Parents will, however, be able to join their student after registration to help take care of payment if necessary. Register for Parent & Family Orientation  Registration for Parent and Family Orientation is now available!  Please choose your session type and complete the appropriate form. Please note that your orientation reservation is not final until payment has been made. Online Registration Forms: Freshman Parent and Family Orientation Transfer Parent, Family, and Guest Orientation Orientation Fees   Freshman Parent & Family Orientation Transfer Parent & Family Orientation First Parent or Family Member $115 $45 Second Parent or Family Member $85 $45 Children (17 years old and younger) $60 $45 UNT Alumni Discount -$5 -$5 What's included in the cost? Fee includes meals, materials, t-shirt, staffing, administrative costs, and year-long parent programs activities. Fee includes meals, materials, t-shirt, staffing, administrative costs, and year-long parent programs activities. NOTE: Orientation Fees are non-refundable.  To view our policy, visit our Frequently Asked Questions page. Freshman Parent and Family Orientation Housing Options Number of Individuals Type of Suite Details Cost Per Night 1 Double Suite priviate bedroom with twin bed & shared common space and bathroom with another orientation participant $30 1 Private Suite private bedroom with twin bed & private common space and bathroom $60 2 Private Suite 2 private bedrooms with twin beds & private common space and bathroom $60 Schedule at a Glance  Freshman Parent & Family Orientation Day 1 Day 2 Day 3 Check-In (from 1:00pm - 3:00pm at the UNT Coliseum, Gate A - 600 Avenue D) Breakfast Tips to Adjusting to Life with a College Student Resource Fair Introduction to Academics at UNT Student Panel Official Orientation Welcome by campus administrators College Success Sessions Breakout Sessions Parent and Family Welcome Lunch Farewell Lunch Dinner and Life on Campus presentation Academic Deans Sessions   Jazz Reception Student Services Presentations   optional walking tour Regional Meetings     Dinner and Student Organization Fair     Reception at Apogee Stadium   Transfer Parent & Family Orientation 8:00am - 9:00am - Check In at the University Union (1155 Union Circle) Orientation Welcome Parent and Family Welcome Student Services Presentations Lunch College Success Sessions Parking & Transportation  Freshman Parent & Family Orientation Transfer Parent & Family Orientation Individuals attending freshman orientation should park in the Eagle Lots 23 and 27 behind Maple Hall and across from Clark Hall, or Resident Lots 19 and 20 near Fouts Field. Please avoid Faculty/Staff spaces, reserved, metered, and garage parking. Individuals attending transfer orientation should park in Eagle Lots 39, 54 or 55. Please avoid Faculty/Staff spaces, reserved, metered, and garage parking. We recommend that you place your orientation confirmation card in the dashboard of your car to show proof of orientation registration. If you have misplaced your confirmation card, please print the confirmation email that will be sent the week leading up to your orientation session.  UNT Campus Parking Map Guests driving to campus should refer to the Google Maps for driving directions. The office of Orientation and Transition Programs does not provide shuttles to and from the airport. Students and guests flying into either DFW or Love Field airport are encouraged to make alternative arrangements. What Parents & Families are Saying about Orientation "We thoroughly enjoyed the parent orientation last week; your team did an excellent job. It was informative and we feel a part of UNT now. Our son, had a great time also, he was ready to come 'yesterday'. The weekend validated his decision to attend UNT." Parents listening to presentation on the first day of Parent Orientation. "I was impressed with the 'care' factor from all of the faculty and staff we met. We feel as though we are leaving our daughter in excellent hands. Everyone seemed interested in the success of my student and your support of her is impressive! Go Mean Green! We are so thrilled with the large available resources for the students." "Having all of the information readily available was wonderful, but more importantly, I so appreciate how EVERYONE working on the orientation was so helpful and willing to find answers to my questions."   Orientation Pre-Orientation Freshman Orientation Transfer Orientation Graduate Orientation Graduate Orientation Parent and Family (Guests) Espanol FAQs Orientation Team Members Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 