    about  About      about  About      about  About      about  About      about  About      about  About      about  About      about  About      about  About      about  About    About UNT | University of North Texas Skip to main content Call us Contact Us UNT Map HomeAdmissionsAcademicsStudent LifeAbout UNTResearchAthleticsGivingCurrent StudentsFaculty & StaffAlumni & FriendsParents & FamilyCommunity & VisitorsMyUNTBlackboardEagleConnectUNT Directory Quicklinks MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory Home Admissions Academics Student Life About UNT Research Athletics Giving MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory HomeAdmissionsAcademicsStudent LifeAbout UNTResearchAthleticsGiving We are UNT We are a community of dreamers and doers. Talented students define their path to greatness. Alumni lead the way as they shape the world. Dedicated faculty create and share knowledge from the frontiers of discovery. Passionate staff help students succeed. Learn even more about UNT About UNT As one of the nation's largest universities, we offer 101 bachelor's, 82 master's and 38 doctoral degree programs. By providing access, welcoming diversity and strengthening our collaborations with our many educational, business and community partners, as well as building new partnerships across the globe, UNT's faculty and staff work each day to prepare students for the challenges they will meet in our changing world. Location A metropolitan area offers a wealth of job opportunities, plus entertainment, culture, shopping and professional sports. A college town offers a peaceful haven for study and research. UNT has the advantages of both. The university is located in Denton, a town of about 131,000 people only 36 miles north of Dallas-Fort Worth, the country's fourth-largest metropolitan area. UNT visitor information Mission and plans UNT's Mission UNT is a major public research university deeply committed to advancing educational excellence and preparing students to become thoughtful, engaged citizens of the world. This is accomplished through a broad and balanced array of programs where well-prepared students and dedicated scholars and artists collaborate with our local and global communities in the creation, integration, application, and dissemination of knowledge. In this way, UNT creates an enriched and sustainable future for our students, state, nation and world. UNT's Vision As the most comprehensive public research university providing a top quality education in one of the nation's largest, most dynamic regions, UNT will be celebrated for its academics, arts and athletics. UNT will be a diverse and inclusive institution creating knowledge and innovations that will shape the future, while cultivating excellence in the next generation of scholars and leaders for the global community.   UNT Strategic Plan Planning for UNT's future UNT Master Plan UNT governance and administration Office of the President Executive Cabinet (UNT vice presidents and their divisions) UNT System Board of Regents UNT System Chancellor Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board Academic leadership Office of the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs Vice Provosts and Associate Vice Provost of Academic Affairs Deans and Associate Deans Department Chairs Faculty At the heart of our efforts to carry out UNT's mission is the faculty. Faculty leadership in teaching, research, creative activities, performance and service activities has created national and international reputations for excellence for a number of academic programs within the university's 12 schools and colleges. Faculty Information System Faculty by college or school College of Arts and Sciences College of Business College of Education College of Engineering College of Health and Public Service College of Information College of Merchandising, Hospitality and Tourism College of Music College of Visual Arts and Design Honors College Mayborn School of Journalism Toulouse Graduate School Reports and facts UNT overview (All About UNT) Fact Book Annual financial reports UNT's rankings and recognitions UNT Accreditations The Office of Data, Analytics and Institutional Research Research Faculty and students engage in innovative research and creative activities that consistently break new ground. The exciting scholarship at UNT is broad based and far reaching, incorporating research in the humanities, social sciences and the arts, as well as the sciences, technology, engineering and mathematics. Office of the Vice President for Research and Economic Development Centers and Institutes Institutes of Research Excellence University-managed research facilities Global partnerships Fostering global understanding and promoting cultural appreciation are central to preparing tomorrow's successful global leaders. Our strategic international partnerships seek to improve quality of life, facilitate the exchange of ideas and culture, and allow for important research addressing global issues. UNT hosts visiting scholars and faculty from more than 50 countries and offers global learning and experience programs in more than 37 nations. UNT's campus also benefits from a rich diversity of international students. UNT-International website Global Learning and Experience opportunities for students global engagement Student access and success As a public university, we bear a special responsibility to advance and improve society. Our faculty, staff and students take seriously this obligation to do more to make a difference. UNT Emerald Eagle Scholars program Gives academically talented undergraduates who have high financial need the best chance at success. UNT's G-Force program Supports Texas' Closing the Gaps initiative by staffing Go Centers in high schools, where students can get information from current college students about college life and details about aid and admissions. New Student Orientation and Transition Programs Connects new students to campus resources and plugs them into UNT's academic and social community so they are more likely to graduate. Succeed at UNT Helps students start their college career off strong, define their future and take control of their success. Diversity We have a history of maintaining an unpretentious and accepting atmosphere that welcomes anyone who strives to achieve his or her personal best. UNT possesses and values an increasing diversity among the individuals who make up its community. This is one of our greatest strengths. Multicultural Center Provides resources, information, educational opportunities and events that build inclusion by focusing on five areas of diversity: race/ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, interfaith and disability. Institutional Equity and Diversity Disability Accommodation Equal Opportunity Sustainability UNT continues to build on its legacy of conservation and environmentalism, where we teach green, research green, and simply are green in everything we do. UNT offers more than 50 courses with a sustainable focus, faculty are searching for ways to reduce society's impact, and in its daily operations UNT treads lightly. The campus has a robust recycling program, fuels its vehicles with biodiesel, and is retrofitting buildings for greater energy efficiency while constructing new structures to meet the highest green building standards. UNT Sustainability Serves as the central point for information collection, organization and dissemination, and coordination of activities related to sustainability. Recycling program Institute of Applied Science Fine arts UNT offers more than 1,000 music concerts, art exhibitions and dance and theatre productions annually. The College of Visual Arts and Design Among the country's largest and most comprehensive public arts schools, CVAD offers lectures and artists' talks as well as rotating art exhibitions in four primary galleries. The Murchison Performing Arts Center Features two venues — Winspear Hall and the Lyric Theater — that showcase student talent. The outstanding acoustics in Winspear Hall are on par with the Meyerson Symphony Center in Dallas and the Bass Performance Hall in Fort Worth as premier music halls in the North Texas region. The university's nationally recognized College of Music Offers more than 1,000 concerts per year, most of them free. Concerts range from intimate solo and chamber music concerts to large-scale choral, orchestral, jazz and operatic productions. The Department of Dance and Theatre Provides an eclectic mix of drama, comedy and dance concerts each year. UNT history and tradition UNT's History Spirit and traditions UNT Athletics Join us Education opens doors, changes lives and improves society. At UNT, we are committed to helping our more than 37,000 students succeed at whatever endeavor they seek to pursue. And we celebrate our more than 380,000 active alumni who use their UNT education to make a difference every day. HR and employment Giving to UNT Top Required Links Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Main Menu Home Admissions Academics Student Life About UNT Research Athletics Giving University Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Calendar UNT Map Jobs at UNT Colleges & Schools Specifically for Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni & Friends Parents & Family Community Emails Graduate Admissions Freshman Admissions Transfer Admissions International Admissions     Find UNT on Google Maps 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information   940-565-2000   800-RELAY TX   Technical Issues Call us Email Us UNT Map Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links ©2017 University of North Texas 