s studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship Sponsorship Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship Sponsorship Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship Sponsorship Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship Sponsorship Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship Sponsorship Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship Sponsorship Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship Sponsorship Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship Sponsorship Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship Sponsorship Division of Student Affairss studentaffairs   orientation and transition programs sponsorship Sponsorship Division of Student Affairs  Sponsorship | Division of Student Affairs Skip to main content     Home Orientation and Transition Programs » Home About Us » About Us Staff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Search form Search Division of Student Affairs MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now Search form Search University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs Orientation and Transition Programs Home About UsStaff Programs Guides Contact DSA Home Why sponsor UNT’s Orientation & Other Signature Transition Programs?  Dear Valued Orientation Partner, The University of North Texas welcomed over 13,000 students, parents and family members to campus in 2016. For our students and their families, the orientation program offers a glimpse into campus life, and the sessions offer valuable information and resources about the college transition. Students receive academic advising and register for classes during orientation, and they also begin to build connections with their future peers, campus leaders and the Denton community. You have the unique opportunity to help us make a positive, lasting first impression by become a program sponsor of UNT Orientation and our other signature programs.   The office of Orientation and Transition Programs serves as a central location for students to make connections across campus. Our programs and activities are intended to help facilitate successful academic and developmental transitions to UNT connecting students and their family members to campus resources, to faculty and staff, and to each other.  Our signature programs include:  ORIENTATION Freshman and Transfer Orientation, which connect incoming students with current students, faculty and staff, while teaching about university resources, traditions and academic expectations. Students receive academic advising in preparation for registering for classes. Parent Orientation runs concurrently with Freshman Orientation and Transfer Orientation and gives family members an opportunity to learn about the many resources, services, and academic programs UNT has to offer. EAGLE CAMP is a retreat for new students designed to ease the transition to UNT and takes place before school starts each summer. After Eagle Camp, students have more friends and feel more comfortable starting the school year. FAMILY WEEKEND UNT Family Weekend offers events for the entire family, including the President’s Breakfast, a fun run, Scrappy’s Extravaganza and a football game. This signature event is usually held six weeks into the fall semester, although it is contingent on the football schedule. Our office is also responsible for  The Transfer Center Class Cause and Class Identity Programs First Flight Activities Mentoring Programs Summer Send Off Parties More information on these programs can be found on our website at http://transition.unt.edu By partnering with us, you have the opportunity to reach many of North Texas’ newest, and often most enthusiastic, consumers .Our partnership opportunities range from full-scale, comprehensive support of our programs to advertising and specific vendor participation events. But, if you don’t find an opportunity that suits your needs, let us know. We look forward to discussing alternatives. If you are interested in providing in-kind donations, particularly gift certificates or prizes we can give away during our programs, please contact us. We know UNT students and their families are going shop in your stores, stay in your hotels, eat in your restaurants and take advantage of your services. The question is what are you doing to make sure they are connected to YOU? We look forward to working with you as you cultivate those relationships. Stephanie Brown,                                                                                                       Director of Orientation and Transition Programs                                                stephanie.brown2@unt.edu UNT Department Sponsorship  |  External Company Sponsorship Sponsorship Resource Fairs Student Organizations Sponsorship Levels Visit Us Hurley Administration Bldg Mail Us University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107 Contact Us Technical issues? Site last updated on May 09, 2017 Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home Site last updated on May 09, 2017 | Important Links 