s biology   dr pamela padilla lab members Lab Members Department of Biological Sciencess biology   dr pamela padilla lab members Lab Members Department of Biological Sciencess biology   dr pamela padilla lab members Lab Members Department of Biological Sciencess biology   dr pamela padilla lab members Lab Members Department of Biological Sciencess biology   dr pamela padilla lab members Lab Members Department of Biological Sciencess biology   dr pamela padilla lab members Lab Members Department of Biological Sciencess biology   dr pamela padilla lab members Lab Members Department of Biological Sciencess biology   dr pamela padilla lab members Lab Members Department of Biological Sciencess biology   dr pamela padilla lab members Lab Members Department of Biological Sciencess biology   dr pamela padilla lab members Lab Members Department of Biological Sciences  Lab Members | Department of Biological Sciences Skip to main content MyUNT Blackboard Find People at UNT View Maps of UNT Give to UNT Apply online College of Science Department of Biological Sciences HomeUndergraduateBiology ProgramsBiochemistry ProgramsEcology ProgramMedical Laboratory Sciences ProgramForensic Science ProgramAdmissionsCareer InformationFinancial SupportGraduateBiology DegreesBiochemistry and Molecular Biology DegreesEnvironmental Science DegreesAdmissionsFinancial SupportGraduate Student FormsHelpful WebsitesResearchInstitutes and CentersResearch ClustersFacilitiesUndergraduate Research OpportunitiesAdvisingDegree AuditsDegree PlansGraduation CheckHealth Profession AdvisingGraduate Student FormsAbout UsKey PersonnelHistory of the DepartmentPeopleFacultyLab SupervisorsLecture and Research FacultyStaffNewsEventsJob PostingBIOsphere - The latest updates from UNT Biology!Department of Biological Sciences Seminar Series Home Dr. Pamela Padilla Lab Members Dr. Pamela Padilla Research Projects Short CV- Padilla Research Publications Lab Members Lab News & Accomplishments Genetics & Education Open Positions Padilla Lab Images Dogs, Music and other Padilla Lab Interests About UNT & Denton Worm Art Lab Members The Padilla lab is housed on the second floor in the Life Sciences Building Complex B on the UNT main campus in Denton, TX. Current Padilla Lab Members Graduate Students: Skylar King (Ph.D. Student) Skylar joined the Padilla lab in 2014. Her interests include mitochondrial function and stress responses. After completion of her Ph.D., Skylar plans to continue her career in academia, complete a post-doctoral position, obtain her own independent research lab, teach and mentor students at the university level. Skylar has won several travel awards, is passionate about scientific research and is an excellent and enthusiastic teaching assistant for the undergradute Genetics students. Dennis Demesnil (M.S. Student) Dennis joined the Padilla lab in 2014 first as an undergraduate student and then entered into the M.S. program. His intrest includes neurobiology, how a glucose is sensed by the nervous system and examining if a chronic glucose diet impacts behavioral responses. Saifun (Ripa) Nahar (Ph.D. Student) Saifun Nahar joined the lab in 2016. She has an interest in mitochondrial functions, stress responses and lipid metabolism. She has a background in plant biology and teaching freshman biology. After completing a Ph.D. she plans on working as post-doctoral fellow to use animal models to futher understand human diseases and identify treatments. Her ultimate career goal is to continue research in her independent lab and teach as a professor. Chipo Mungwira (M.S. Student) Chipo joined the Padilla lab in the fall of 2016. Her interests include the study of proteins involed with apoptosis and stress response pathways that play a role in human health issues such as cancer and neurodegenerative diseases. Jose Robledo (M.S. Student) Jose joined the Padilla lab in the fall of 2016. His interest include mitochondrial function, protein function, and stress responses that play a role in cardiovascular disease. He plans on working towards the completion of a Ph.D. and make a significant contribution in biology. Most of all, he wants to make his family proud. Research Technician Luhua Song Luhua works with both the Padilla and Mittler Lab. She is an expert molecular biologist and is currently working out CRISPR techniques for the lab. Undergraduate, TAMS & High School Students: Kevin Rivera (B.S.) Kevin is a double major in Biology and Psychology, minoring in Chemistry and Human Development and Family Studies. After graduation Kevin is interested in entering an MD/Ph.D. or MD program. Kevin will work with Dr. Padilla to develop science education outreach activities in addition to conducting research. Gabriella Webster (TAMS) Gabriella is a senior in the very prestigous Texas Academy of Math and Sciences (TAMS) two-year program for high ability students considering STEM careers. Following her graduation from the program in May, she hopes to pursue a major in Biology, attend medical school to specialize in Pediatric Genetics or Oncology, and participate in the Doctors Without Borders program. In the lab, she is interested in studying the effect of sugar on organelles and investigating how cell cycle control is impacted by stress, which may provide insight on human health related issues such as diabetes and cancer. Outside of the lab, she enjoys traveling, writing, dancing, and spending time with loved ones. Abishek Shah (Guyer High School) Abishek is a high school senior particularly interested in neurobiology and neurodegeration, especially when involved with human disease. He plans to pursue a Bachelors and eventually a Ph.D. in either Biology or Neuroscience, and to pursue research on the pathways involved with neurodegenerative diseases. He is currently researching the effects of glucose on the behavior and the nervous system of C. elegans, in order to better understand how hyperglycemia affects biological systems. In his free time, he enjoys playing the violin and trombone, traveling with family, and learning more about the world around him. Olivia Tuel Olivia, an undergraduate at Buena Vista University In Iowa, is conducting summer research in the Padilla lab. Her interests include stress responses relevant to human health and disease. Previous Padilla Lab Members Padilla lab members have went on to educate, invent, create and research!!! Former Graduate Students Vinita Hajeri, Ph.D. (Lecturer, UT Dallas) Alex Mendenhall, Ph.D. (Assistant Professor, Univ Washington) Bobby Larue, Ph.D. (Research Assistant Professor, UNTHSC) Brent Little, Ph.D. (Research Associate, Boston Medical Center) Jo Goy, Ph.D. (Assistant Professor, Harding Univ) Anastacia (Tasha) Garcia, Ph.D. (Post-Doctoral Fellow, Univ of Colorado Denver- Anschutz Medical Campus) Lee Toni, Ph.D., Post-Doctoral Fellow, Univ of Colorado Denver- Anschutz Medical Campus) Sophie Kiyanjui, Ph.D. (Lecturer) Mary Ladage, Ph.D. (Maternity Leave) Neil Stewart, M.S, (Research Technician, UT Southwestern) Daniel Quan, M.S. (Biomedical Science Program, Kansas City University) Former Undergraduate/TAMS/High School Students Mentored: Undergraduate Students: San Nguyan (McNair Fellow, 2014-15) Caroline Furrh (2015) Megan Crowder (2014, HHMI Student) Gwen Telgenhoff (2013-2015) Iran Roman (Fall 2012-2014), HHMI Undergrad research, PhD program Stanford Adelaide Tovar (2013), MIT undergraduate student Jennifer Dennis (2011-2013), Awarded the UNT Undergraduate Research Scholarship Mark Leuke (2012-2013), HHMI Undergrad research (Epidemiology Program UNTHSC) Alana Stanton (2012-2013) Laila Small, HHMI Undergrad Research Michelle LeBlanc (1 publication, 3 presentations) (McNair Scholar, Honors Thesis, Ph.D. program NYU) Sabrina Pojar (MD program in Arizona) Nicole Parker (Ph.D. program Mt. Sinai) Courtney Burggren (B.S. Oklahoma University) Jesus Trejo (1 publication, Texas Tech Medical School, Family Physician) Tammy Chan (Ph.D. Baylor Medical School, Currently in industry) Arman Froush, M.D. (Physician) Sara Anvari, M.D. (Physician) Michael Villareal (Military Career, Industry Career) Jeremy Holman (Honors Thesis, Currently a High School Science Teacher) Randala Hamdan (Ph.D. Program M.D. Anderson, Post-doc U of Chicago) Neil Stewart (Completed M.S.) TAMS and High School Students (Current Academic Program): Jemma Alarcorn (Regional Siemens Scholar, Graduated from Johns Hopkins, G. Seydoux Lab, currently at UC Irvine) Desh Mohan (National Siemens Scholar, 1 publication, Undergraduate Student at MIT, R. Horvitz Lab (Nobel Laureate)), Med School at UTSW Jack Wang (Goldwater Scholar, Undergraduate, Dartmouth; NIH Summer Research Scholarship, Berkeley Ph.D. program) Uneeb Rahman (Undergraduate at Emory) Brandon Roberts (Air Force Academy, Captain in USAF) Mark Pavlyukovskyy (Princeton), CEO of PIPER a computer and invention kit to inspire kids to invent and be creative. Sophia Petrichenko (Rice) Henry Griener (Johns Hopkins) Ester Lee Kathryn Modrow (Texas A&M) Emma Besier (Denton High School, UC Berkeley) Lab Group Photos Thinking about UNT? It's easy to apply online. Join us and discover why we're the choice of over 37,000 students. Apply now Contact Us (940) 565-3591 biology@unt.edu Send Us Mail 1155 Union Circle #305220 Denton, Texas 76203-5017 Fax: (940) 565-3821 College of Science View departments Get advising University of North Texas Explore our degrees Take a tour Get financial aid Apply online Find a person Register for classes Follow UNT on social media Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Statement Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline Governors Committee on People with Disabilities Texas Veterans Portal UNT Home 