 openaccess   symposium 2017 Open Access  openaccess   symposium 2017 Open Access  openaccess   symposium 2017 Open Access  openaccess   symposium 2017 Open Access  openaccess   symposium 2017 Open Access  openaccess   symposium 2017 Open Access  openaccess   symposium 2017 Open Access  openaccess   symposium 2017 Open Access  openaccess   symposium 2017 Open Access  openaccess   symposium 2017 Open Access   Open Access @ UNT Skip to main content MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT Search UNT Seach Open Access @ UNT Browse Toggle navigation Home About Policy Resources Denton Declaration FAQ Symposia OA Week Open Access Symposium 2017 About UNT's Open Acccess Symposium 2017 will be held the May 18–19 at the University of North Texas New College at Frisco. The 2017 theme is Making Use of Public Data. It's easier than ever to gather datasets, documents, analytics, and other types of data and use these for academic research, competitive intelligence, and advocacy. While the government provides data of great value to citizens, companies, and organizations, currently much of the web and social media is also publicly available, providing additional sources of data that have been used, sometimes contrary to the intentions of content creators. This year's symposium will examine issues arising from the creation, harvesting, and analysis of public data—and decision-making based on the data—taking a broad view of what kinds of data are “public.” Registration includes attendance at pre-conference workshops on Thursday, May 18, on preparing data using OpenRefine and using data from the US Census Bureau, and attendance on Friday, May 19, for presentations and panel discussions from speakers from the Center for Research Libraries, UCLA, US Patent and Trademark Office, US Bureau of Labor Statistics, US Census Bureau, NASA, Esri, and various libraries and museums. Attendees may also wish to attend #DataRescueDenton on Saturday, May 20, which will be in nearby Denton. News and Announcements DCCCD's Vice Chancellor of Workforce and Economic Development to speak at UNT Open Access Symposium 2017; early registration ends April 30 We've just added a panelist to the program for this year's Open Access Symposium: Mark Hays, who serves as Vice Chancellor of Workforce and Economic Development for the Dallas County Community College District.  Hays is the central point of contact for private or public entities who need information about or resources and solutions for workforce training and job development as well as business creation or expansion.  He will speak about the work of DCCCD's Labor Market Intelligence Center. Early registration ends April 30! #DataRescueDenton on Saturday, May 20: registration now open #DataRescueDenton will be held on Saturday, May 20, in Denton, just after the Open Access Symposium 2017 in Frisco. #DataRescueDenton is an opportunity for programmers, scientists, archivists, activists, and volunteers of all kinds to identify, back-up, and help preserve publicly accessible federal data resources in the public interest, in the event they are removed from public view and use. We will hear from experts on the challenges of preserving born-digital at-risk data and related issues followed by breakout sessions for the hack-a-thon. If you'll be traveling to North Texas for the symposium, please consider attending the DataRescue event as well!  We'll help arrange for people to get from Frisco to Denton. UNT Open Access Symposium 2017: registration, travel information, and program Registration is now open for the UNT Open Access Symposium 2017, to be held May 18-19 in Frisco, Texas.  We have a nearly final program online, plus information on travel and accommodation and on child care. Early registration closes April 30.  We hope to see you next month! schedule outline for UNT Open Access Symposium 2017 We are still finalizing the program for this year's Open Access Symposium.  The symposium will begin on Thursday, May 18, with a workshop on OpenRefine from 12 to 1:30 p.m. and then a workshop on using US Census data from 2 to 5 p.m. Friday features presentations and panel discussions from approximately 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. A single registration fee will cover attendance on both days. The full schedule, plus information on hotels and registering, will be available shortly! Open Access Symposium 2017: Bernard Reilly, Safiya Noble, and many more! Plans are coming together for Making Use of Public Data, this year's UNT Open Access Symposium, to be held May 18–19, 2017, at the UNT New College at Frisco. We are pleased to announce Bernard F. Reilly, president of the Center for Research Libraries, as the keynote speaker and Safiya U. Noble, a faculty member in the Graduate School of Education and Information Studies at UCLA, as this year's featured speaker. The symposium will also include a number of panel discussions with representatives of government agencies that provide data, libraries that preserve and provide access to it, and users of state and local data. Early-bird registration of $80 per person and will include participation in workshops on Thursday, May 18, and the main day of symposium presentations on Friday, May 19. Participants are also invited to join DataRescue Denton on Saturday, May 20. A full program and information about registration are coming soon! 2017 Symposium Speakers Sessions Sponsorship Child Care Travel and Accommodations Registration When Thursday, May 18, 2017 to Friday, May 19, 2017 Where UNT New College at Frisco University Libraries Contact Information University of North Texas Libraries 1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017 (940) 565-2411 Locations, Maps, and Hours Contact Us Online Tell us how we are doing Report a problem Submit a help ticket Powered by Drupal Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy   |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  UNT Home 