    compact with texans Compact with Texans     compact with texans Compact with Texans     compact with texans Compact with Texans     compact with texans Compact with Texans     compact with texans Compact with Texans     compact with texans Compact with Texans     compact with texans Compact with Texans     compact with texans Compact with Texans     compact with texans Compact with Texans     compact with texans Compact with Texans   Compact with Texans | University of North Texas Skip to main content Call us Contact Us UNT Map HomeAdmissionsAcademicsStudent LifeAbout UNTResearchAthleticsGivingCurrent StudentsFaculty & StaffAlumni & FriendsParents & FamilyCommunity & VisitorsMyUNTBlackboardEagleConnectUNT Directory Quicklinks MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory Home Admissions Academics Student Life About UNT Research Athletics Giving MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory HomeAdmissionsAcademicsStudent LifeAbout UNTResearchAthleticsGiving Compact with Texans As one of the nation's largest public universities and the most comprehensive in the Dallas-Fort Worth area, we are dedicated to providing an excellent educational experience to our 36,000 students. The University of North Texas (UNT) is a leading research university that is nationally and internationally recognized for its scholarship in all fields—from fine arts to technology, humanities to life sciences, and music to entrepreneurship. UNT is committed to the creation and advancement of innovative research, art, and scholarship. Customer Service Standards In collaboration with policy owners, the University Policy Office develops, oversees, and maintains the University’s policy process. By partnering with policy owners to create, revise, and distribute university-wide policies, the University Policy Office facilitates the development, review, approval, and maintenance of university-wide policies, while acting as the official repository and point-of-contact regarding university-wide policies. The official policies and procedures of UNT are intended to provide general information. UNT reserves the right to make changes at any time to reflect current board policies, administrative regulations and procedures, and state and federal law amendments. Information provided is subject to change without notice and does not constitute a contract between UNT and its faculty and staff. Complaint procedures UNT provides students with a procedure for resolving complaints against UNT faculty, staff, and the university in matters where no other formal process for resolution of complaints has been established. This policy does not supersede other specific UNT policies relative to student complaints or appeals including discrimination, student financial aid, admissions, academic policies, human resources, involuntary withdrawal, disability accommodations, or the Student Code of Conduct. The policy can be found at Read Policy 07.016. To make an informal complaint you can contact the Dean of Students: The Dean of Students 1155 Union Circle #305008 Denton, Texas 76203 940-565-2039 deanofstudents@unt.edu Grade Appeal: Students are responsible for meeting the standards of academic performance established for each course in which they are enrolled as well as requirements for completion of their academic programs. Faculty members are responsible for establishing standards of academic performance and for evaluating student performance in an equitable manner. Faculty decisions in such matters are considered authoritative and can be overturned only when it has been determined that a grade was assigned in an inequitable, arbitrary or erroneous manner. This policy outlines the grounds for a student grade appeal and the process by which it must be carried out. For review, the following link provides the Grade Appeals Procedure (06.040). Discrimination The University of North Texas System is firmly committed to equal opportunity and does not permit—and takes actions to prevent—discrimination, harassment (including sexual violence) and retaliation on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, family status, genetic information, citizenship or veteran status in its application and admission processes, educational programs and activities, facilities and employment practices. The University of North Texas System immediately investigates and takes remedial action when appropriate. The University of North Texas System also takes actions to prevent retaliation against individuals who oppose a discriminatory practice, file a charge, or testify, assist, or participate in an investigative proceeding or hearing. You can direct questions or concerns to the equal opportunity office at 940-565-2759. TTY access is available at 940-369-8652. Further information is available at the website of the Office of Equal Opportunity. Disability Accommodations The Office of Disability Accommodation (ODA) at the University of North Texas exists to prevent discrimination on the basis of disability and to help students reach a higher level of independence. Our caring and professional staff helps students learn more about their disabilities, create techniques to facilitate individual learning styles, learn how to talk to faculty and staff about your needs, and develop strategies to achieve goals. Further information is available at the website of the Office of Disability Accommodation. Code of conduct The Dean of Students Office enforces the Code of Student Conduct. The code explains what conduct is prohibited, the process the university uses to review alleged violations, and the sanctions that can be imposed. When students may have violated the code, they meet with a university official to discuss the violation in an educational process. For review, the following link provides the Code of Student Conduct. Anyone can report alleged misconduct to the Dean of Students Office by calling 940-565-2039, emailing conduct.dos@unt.edu, or visiting the office in Union Suite 409. Academic Integrity Academic integrity emanates from a culture that embraces the core values of trust and honesty necessary for full learning to occur. As a student-centered public research university, the University of North Texas promotes the integrity of the learning process by establishing and enforcing academic standards. Academic dishonesty breaches the mutual trust necessary in an academic environment and undermines all scholarship. For review, the following link provides UNT’s Academic Integrity Policy. The Academic Affairs and the Dean of Students office collaborate on issues of academic integrity. The Dean of Students office serves as the front door for reporting incidents, and the Academic Integrity Officer works with faculty and students regarding the investigation. Please submit all issues of academic integrity to academic.integrity@unt.edu. Flow charts for ease in reviewing the process academic integrity have been created and can be found below. You will also find helpful links to complete the process. Single Violation Procedure Flowchart Multiple Violations Procedure Flowchart Initial Sanctions Form Final Sanctions Form For additional tutorials and guides on plagiarism, please visit the CBB Plagiarism Resource Site. Office of Academic Integrity Stovall Hall 150 940-565-2648 Academic Integrity Officer Dr. Karen Weiller-Abels P.E.B. 209C 940-565-2856 Top Required Links Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Main Menu Home Admissions Academics Student Life About UNT Research Athletics Giving University Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Calendar UNT Map Jobs at UNT Colleges & Schools Specifically for Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni & Friends Parents & Family Community Emails Graduate Admissions Freshman Admissions Transfer Admissions International Admissions     Find UNT on Google Maps 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information   940-565-2000   800-RELAY TX   Technical Issues Call us Email Us UNT Map Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links ©2017 University of North Texas 