    consumer info  Student Consumer Information     consumer info  Student Consumer Information     consumer info  Student Consumer Information     consumer info  Student Consumer Information     consumer info  Student Consumer Information     consumer info  Student Consumer Information     consumer info  Student Consumer Information     consumer info  Student Consumer Information     consumer info  Student Consumer Information     consumer info  Student Consumer Information   Student Consumer Information | University of North Texas Skip to main content Call us Contact Us UNT Map HomeAdmissionsAcademicsStudent LifeAbout UNTResearchAthleticsGivingCurrent StudentsFaculty & StaffAlumni & FriendsParents & FamilyCommunity & VisitorsMyUNTBlackboardEagleConnectUNT Directory Quicklinks MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory Home Admissions Academics Student Life About UNT Research Athletics Giving MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory HomeAdmissionsAcademicsStudent LifeAbout UNTResearchAthleticsGiving Student Consumer Information The Higher Education Opportunity Act of 2008 (HEOA) requires that postsecondary institutions participating in federal student aid programs make certain disclosures to students. The following information is disclosed to you as a student at the University of North Texas in compliance with federal law. For additional information, including requesting a paper copy of any of the materials, please visit the indicated websites, or contact the appropriate office directly. Undergraduate Admissions Learn more about admissions at UNT. Learn about UNT's application deadlines. The University of North Texas is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges to award baccalaureate, masters and doctorate degrees.  Contact the Commission on Colleges at 1866 Southern Lane, Decatur, Georgia 30033-4097 or call 404-679-4500 for questions about the accreditation of the University of North Texas. Note: The Commission should be contacted only if there is evidence that appears to support the institution's significant non-compliance with a requirement or standard.  Normal inquiries about UNT, such as admission requirements, financial aid, and educational programs, should be addressed directly to UNT and not the Commission's office. UNT evaluates credit only from regionally accredited academic institutions. Applicants must submit records of all accredited institutions attended, even if they do not wish to transfer the credit to UNT. Graduate admission and gainful employment disclosure For Information on Graduate Admission and Gainful Employment Disclosure. Financial Aid Information The Student Financial Aid and Scholarships website includes information about the following: cost of attending UNT, Net Price Calculator and College Navigator need based and non-need-based federal, state, local, private, and institutional financial assistance programs available to students eligibility requirements and procedures for applying for aid criteria for selecting recipients and determining amount of award methods and frequency of disbursements of aid aid distributed to UNT students financial aid terms and conditions, including terms applicable to employment provided as part of a financial aid package rights and responsibilities of students receiving Title IV, HEA loans the terms and conditions of federal student loans required entrance counseling and exit counseling information schedule for and necessity of loan repayments the availability of financial aid for study abroad programs criteria for measuring satisfactory academic progress and how to re-establish eligibility how financial aid is handled when students withdraw, official/unofficial, and the return of Title IV funds the code of conduct for financial aid professionals and advisory disclosure whom to contact for questions regarding financial aid Information about UNT's Academic Programs and Student Attainment Information concerning UNT's current educational programs and course descriptions is available on UNT's Undergraduate Catalog website. This includes information about instructional, laboratory, and other physical facilities that relate to the academic programs, as well as faculty and other instructional personnel. The university catalog provides information related to institutional/program accreditations and approvals. The university catalog includes academic terms and their definitions, the list of degrees offered at UNT, and the group of classes known as the University Core Curriculum requirements of the core curriculum. Courses deemed necessary by your school or college can also be found here. Important information about grades, transfer credits, transcripts and graduation is also provided. Learn more about the policies and procedures related to academic governance and the role of the advisory committees and academic administration. To measure progress towards continuous improvement and excellence, UNT annually compares student outcomes to other institutions and other benchmarks of performance. For twenty years, UNT has set institutional goals to reach in student success and other measures. This commitment to student success can be reviewed within UNT's Student Achievement Goals and Outcomes. Services for Students with Disabilities The Office of Disability Accommodation provides disability-related information and referrals; documents disability and conducts needs assessments; facilitates reasonable accommodations; and provides disability-related technical assistance, auxiliary aids/services, and advocacy and training. Visit the Office of Disability Accommodation homepage for additional information on services and resources available to students with disabilities. Information about UNT's Facilities, Services and Campus Policies (Part 86) Alcohol and Other Drug Information, Drug Free Schools and Communities Act The Jeanne Clery Report provides information about alcohol and other drug health risks, drug and alcohol laws and penalties, and campus alcohol and other drug education and counseling resources. Read the Drug Free Schools and Communities Act report. Copyright and Illegal Peer-to-Peer File Sharing UNT takes copyright law very seriously and as such has developed policies prohibiting unauthorized duplication and distribution of copyrighted materials, including copyrighted music. Sanctions for violations of these policies include: loss of computing privileges fines dismissal from the University criminal or civil action UNT also employs a number of technical and procedural measures to prevent illegal downloading and distribution of copyrighted materials. A summary of these measures, including references to applicable policies, can be found on the IT Shared Services website, UNT Approach to Addressing Copyright Infringement. Legal alternatives to copyright infringing downloading can be found on the University Information Technology website. Fire Safety Right to Know Report, Annual Disclosure of Fire Statistics UNT annually coordinates the collection and reporting of fire safety and statistics information for publication. Each year, the university notifies the campus community, via email, that they may view the report online. Copies of this report may be obtained from the UNT Risk Management Services (RMS) or the Office of the Vice President for Student Affairs. The report is available online. Emergency Response & Evacuation UNT regularly develops and annually updates plans and procedures for emergency response and evacuation for the campus community. Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy, Campus Crime Statistics, Safety Programs and Services Information regarding public safety at UNT is provided in the Annual Security Report. The Security Report includes crime statistics for the previous three years concerning certain crimes reported to have occurred on campus; in certain off-campus buildings or property owned or controlled by UNT; and on public property within, or immediately adjacent to and accessible from, the campus. The Security Report also includes information about: police and public safety resources reporting crimes coordination between law enforcement agencies fire and medical emergencies crime prevention victim support services the law and UNT policies campus facilities residence hall security timely warning policy statement the UNT Policy on Sexual Harassment the UNT Alcohol and Other Drug Policy Get additional information regarding emergency response and evacuation procedures. Pursuant to the Campus Sex Crimes Prevention Act, information regarding registered sex offenders is available by visiting the Texas Department of Public Safety website. To obtain a paper copy of the Security Report contact the Vice President for Student Affairs Office at 940-565-4909. Missing Student Notification Procedures Learn about the notification procedures to be followed when a student residing in on-campus housing has been reported missing more than 24 hours are available online. Privacy of Student Records (Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act) The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) is a federal law that gives students the right to: review their records to request amendments to their records to consent to disclosures of personally identifiable information and to file complaints with the U.S. Department of Education Get additional information regarding student rights under FERPA. FERPA Pursuant to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), the university has established policies relating to the accessibility of student information in the custody of the University of North Texas. FERPA gives students basic rights with respect to their education record: The right to control disclosure of their education record The right to review their education record The right to request amendment of inaccurate or misleading portions of their education record The right to file a complaint regarding non-compliance of FERPA with the Family Policy Compliance Office of the U.S. Department of Education The UNT FERPA policy statement appears in its entirety in the UNT Policy Manual, policy number 07.018. Transfer of Credit and Articulation Students who complete work at another institution, to be applied toward a bachelor's degree at the University of North Texas, should make sure that the appropriate officer of the other institution furnishes to the Office of Admissions or the Registrar's Office at the University of North Texas a complete official transcript of such work. A student who successfully completes a 42- to 48-semester-credit-hour common core curriculum at a state-assisted institution of higher education in Texas may transfer as "core complete" to UNT. The student will receive academic credit for each of the courses transferred. The student will need to work with an academic advisor in the appropriate college or school academic advising office to determine if additional requirements will be necessary to satisfy the 42-hour UNT core. For more information, see the UNT transfer articulation website. Enrollment Verifications for Loan Deferments Loan servicers may require enrollment verifications for deferment purposes. Students should check with loan servicers for specific requirements. Students may request enrollment verifications from the Office of the Registrar.  See the Registrar Enrollment Verification/Certification website for request procedures. Textbooks Students may search for textbooks from within the my.unt.edu portal during registration by clicking on the textbook link within the details of the class section. Students may also search the UNT Barnes and Nobles Bookstore webpage for textbooks. Students may also search the Barnes & Noble at UNT webpage for textbooks. Sexual Assault, Harassment, Coercion If any member of the UNT community is a victim of a sexual assault, there are many services available to assist, but first, the individual's safety is of the utmost importance. If you or a member of the community is a victim of sexual assault, please contact any of the following offices: UNT Police: 940-565-3000 Dean of Students: 940-565-2648, 940-565-2039 Equity and Diversity: 940-565-2711 Information for Crime Victims about Disciplinary Proceedings The disclosure of final results of any disciplinary action to consider misconduct involving an alleged crime of violence or non-forcible sex offense can be released to a student who was the victim regardless of whether the Dean of Students concluded a violation was committed. Vaccination Policies The UNT Student Immunization and Screening/Testing Policy statement appears in its entirety in the UNT Policy Manual, policy number 07.025. All new students, including transfer students, must show evidence of receipt of an initial bacterial meningitis vaccination (meningococcal meningitis vaccine) dose or booster in the last five years and at least ten days prior to the first day of the semester in which the student initially enrolls. This law also applies to any student returning to school after a break in enrollment for a fall or spring semester. Even though the bacterial meningitis vaccination is the only required immunization, the University of North Texas Student Health and Wellness Center (SHWC) recommends that all students have current immunizations for polio, diphtheria, pertussis, tetanus, rubella, mumps, and measles. Consideration should also be given to vaccination against hepatitis A, hepatitis B, and varicella. Immunization requirements can be found at the Health Center website. Teacher Preparation and Accountability Each school must provide an accountability report annually to the state and to the general public. The states must submit to the U.S. Department of Education, and make available to the public, an annual report containing school and state-level information. Voter Registration Get information on voting in local, state, and federal elections, including a copy of the Texas voter registration application form. UNT Graduation and Completion Rates The most recent record of graduation data of degree seeking, full-time undergraduate students at UNT is available in UNT's Fact Book under the UNT FACT SHEET tab. Get information concerning retention rates. Student Body Diversity Get information about student body diversity, including the number of enrolled full-time students by gender and race/ethnicity, at UNT is available in UNT's Fact Book under the UNT FACT SHEET tab. Equality in Athletics Disclosure (EAD) EADA Report In compliance with the Equity in Athletics Disclosure Act, information on men's and women's athletic programs at UNT is available at www.meangreensports.com. The report includes the number of participants by gender for each team, operating and recruiting expenses, coaches' salaries, revenues, and athletically related student aid. A copy of the report is available online on the U.S. Department of Education Office of Postsecondary Education Equity in Athletics Disclosure website. A paper copy of the report may be obtained by contacting the Athletics department. The following reports can be found at Mean Green Compliance Graduation Success Rate Report (Overall Report By Sport) Freshman-Cohort Graduation Rates (Breakdown by Gender and Sport) Academic Progress Rate Institutional Report (Overall and by Sport) Equity in Athletics Disclosure Report Student Complaints To file complaints with the following offices, visit the links for specific instructions. UNT's Dean of Students Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board US Department of Education Student Financial Aid Programs Texas Workforce Commission US Department of Veteran Affairs Top Required Links Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info Main Menu Home Admissions Academics Student Life About UNT Research Athletics Giving University Links MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Calendar UNT Map Jobs at UNT Colleges & Schools Specifically for Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni & Friends Parents & Family Community Emails Graduate Admissions Freshman Admissions Transfer Admissions International Admissions     Find UNT on Google Maps 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information   940-565-2000   800-RELAY TX   Technical Issues Call us Email Us UNT Map Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links ©2017 University of North Texas 